{
    "v_y0_lTTdKkro": [
        "A goalie is seen in several clips running back and fourth and blocking balls from getting by.",
        " The player continues running back and fourth while another man sits in front of him."
    ],
    "v_y1CzJvvItrM": [
        "A man is standing on a ladder wiping down a wall.",
        " A black bucket is sitting next to him.",
        " A man is standing up throwing mud at the wall."
    ],
    "v_y1F_Hzpux48": [
        "A large fish is seen swimming under frozen water.",
        " A man creates a hole in the ice to catch the fish.",
        " He catches it on a line, and pulls until He is able to get it through the hole."
    ],
    "v_y1jyeWW-G4E": [
        "a little girl is sitting in sand where she has been trying to make a sand castle.",
        " Adults and another girl laugh as they try to build something in the sand."
    ],
    "v_y20J3BbydOk": [
        "kids are gathered around a wooden table in a kitchen.",
        " woman is cutting oranges and showing it to kids and squeezing it in a glass in the table."
    ],
    "v_y2jDV7tFUXg": [
        "Some people are gathered at tables by a pier.",
        " They are watching boaters pulling people on water skis.",
        " The skiers are staying upright, going around in circles until they jump off and run to shore.",
        "A boat is in the water.",
        " They are pulling two water skiers behind them.",
        " People are sitting in the stands watching them."
    ],
    "v_y3Zq6RZZNtc": [
        "A girl puts on a no show sock and then a slip on shoe on her left foot.",
        "  She repeats the process on the right foot.",
        "A girl is sitting outside on the grass.",
        " She is putting on her socks and shoes.",
        " She shows off her new shoes while she talks."
    ],
    "v_y4PXBhxpZHk": [
        "A large group of people are shown in several shots playing a sport's game while hundreds of people watch on the sides.",
        " The men continue running around the field while close ups of coaches are shown and one scores a goal.",
        " One man kneels down and the others shake hands with players."
    ],
    "v_y7tActqdm9A": [
        "Two wildebeests lock horns in a fight for dominance.",
        " The fight continues with the rest of the wildebeest herd looking on.",
        " The fight continues on as one wildabeast pushes the other away from the herd near a river.",
        " One wildebeest gives up and runs off as the other wildebeest chases."
    ],
    "v_y80Jbcb5GWA": [
        "A little boy is shown swinging on a swing on the public playground.",
        " He swings high into the air as someone pushes him.",
        " The boy smiles and talks to the person with the camera."
    ],
    "v_y9xNMLhgTjY": [
        "Several people riding skateboard are seen riding down a long hill while the camera follows them from behind.",
        " The cameraman continuously rides down a winding road past a group of trees and stops at the bottom to meet up with another.",
        " More riding is shown down the hill and ends with the camerman turning around."
    ],
    "v_yE5euaQmcXw": [
        "A man is seen grabbing a puck and curling along the ice in front of others.",
        " The people push the puck down the ice and celebrate with one another.",
        " People on the sidelines cheer and the men walk away."
    ],
    "v_yEFS8M4pgMU": [
        "There two teams of men playing the game of tug of war in a gym.",
        "There are several people seated in the gym watching them play the game.",
        " The referee is standing next to the contestants as they continue to pull the rope harder.",
        " The opposing team pulls harder and the team in the white ends up falling down and losing."
    ],
    "v_yGCklVOLgk8": [
        "A person is seen falling into the water in front of a jump.",
        " Another person is seen riding along on skis past him.",
        " The man continues to ride as the camera zooms in on the water."
    ],
    "v_yH018Jl5GMQ": [
        "A man is seen spraying down a car with a hose and using a rag in front of it.",
        " The person continues sprayinng as the camera pans around the new paint job.",
        "a man is working inside a garage.",
        " He is using a sprayer to wash a car with pressure.",
        " He wipes it clean with a rag."
    ],
    "v_yH0xeA_OvWg": [
        "A woman cleans a sink with a pink cloth.",
        " Then, the woman close the drain stopper by pulling a rod behind the faucet, after she continues cleaning the sink.",
        " Next, the woman cleans the faucet and handles.",
        "A close up of a sink is shown followed by a person wiping it down.",
        " The person uses a rag all along the sink while looking to the camera.",
        " The woman continues cleaning the sink."
    ],
    "v_yIIDIQDKVhI": [
        "A man in a red polo shirt demonstrates the Kleva Sharp sharpener.",
        " He sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts a tomato.",
        " The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices.",
        " The man demonstrating the Kleva Sharpener, he sharpens a garden clipper and slices a carrot.",
        " The demonstrator then sharpens a serated bread knife and slices a loaf of bread.",
        " A series of demonstrations of different knives cutting different foods.",
        " The Kleva Sharpener is dismounted from the table and stored in a cabinet drawer.",
        " The Kleva Sharpener is mounted on the refrigerator on a wall and on the table.",
        " He demonstrates the locking mechanism."
    ],
    "v_yINX46xPRf0": [
        "Several pictures are shown of people sitting together as well as video of them sitting in a stand.",
        " They are next shown swimming around the water and gesturing to the camera.",
        " More kids are seen flipping around under the water.",
        "The people are in the pool wearing goggles.",
        " The people are wearing oxygen thanks while in the pool.",
        " The people are training on how to dive and swim under water with their oxygen on."
    ],
    "v_yISeNkFiVAg": [
        "A woman is sitting on a stage.",
        " She has three large drums in front of her.",
        " She is playing the drums with her hands to a beat.",
        "A woman plays the tam-tams in a cafe.",
        " The woman supports her left hand on a tam-tam while she taps with her right hand, then the woman continues playing.",
        " When the woman finish playing, she raises her hands high and smiles."
    ],
    "v_yJezvcXU4YE": [
        "A man in a black vest is standing in a room.",
        " He throws darts at a dart board on the wall.",
        " A woman stands next to him watching.",
        " A man walks up and pulls the dart out of the board."
    ],
    "v_yJgC3-t_ciw": [
        "There are two men playing Foos ball with two young boys in a living room.",
        " There is a large decorated Christmas tree behind them.",
        " There is a woman sitting in the living room with a little girl.",
        " The boys play Foos ball with the men.",
        " They laugh and enjoy themselves as they continue to play."
    ],
    "v_yLS0UuNYXOI": [
        "A large ice glacier is shown in the water.",
        " A boat is pulling a person on skis behind the boat.",
        " The person is floating in the water."
    ],
    "v_yN3e-giBxns": [
        "It's a nighttime outside at a horse ranch and a lot of people are standing around.",
        " Suddenly a horse with a man riding on him quickly starts running and there's a calf roped to the horse who is running in front of them.",
        " The man lassos the calf, jumps off the horse, throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up.",
        "The man gets up, walks back to his horse, jumps back on and the horse slowly begins to walk as the calf is trying to stand up."
    ],
    "v_yNmV_c3rlLA": [
        "A man is playing the hand drums in a living room.",
        " The man throws his head back.",
        " We zoom in on the man's hands.",
        " We zoom out and see the whole man.",
        " He finishes playing and takes a bow."
    ],
    "v_yOKDaH8Go0A": [
        "A man in a garage stands over a plank of wood.",
        "  The man takes some white paste out of a can, adds some coloring to it and mixes it.",
        " The man applies the brown colored paste to holes in the wood."
    ],
    "v_yRjaK8wT4Rc": [
        "A man is washing his hands in the sink.",
        " He takes a yellow rag and cleans the sink and faucet.",
        " A white bottle of cleaner is shown."
    ],
    "v_yRswMXWCcrI": [
        "A person stands on a hill covered wit snow, then the person ski down the hill and fall.",
        " A skier comes down a hill makes a jump over stones and falls and rolls on the snow.",
        " Then, other man skies on the hill and flat areas covered with snow.",
        " Also, skiers makes a flip  from in the air while other people watch."
    ],
    "v_yRup8RDsCzk": [
        "Two men are doing martial arts with others around them watching.",
        " Many other men are shown doing several flips and tricks around each other.",
        " Two men flip near each other while others around them watch."
    ],
    "v_yScYLIJ_txA": [
        "Six people in helmets race on dirt bikes around a circular, paved track surrounded by grass, game tents and onlookers.",
        "  The people start the race behind a closed and grated fence, which then opens and allows them to start racing from an elevated platform down onto the paved raceway.",
        "  The racers pedal with one person in a white jacket in the lead.",
        "  The race ends with the same person in the white jacket remaining in the lead until they approach the end of the track and an orange, white striped cone."
    ],
    "v_yUCSKSMVrPo": [
        "A large crowd of people are seen sitting in an audience followed by a man hitting a large set of drums.",
        " The man continues playing the drums and ends by bowing and the audience clapping.",
        "A large auditorium is filled with students watching a young man on stage play the drums.",
        "The man on stage has four drums in front of them but they are large and brassy with glass tops and the drum sticks are different.",
        "As he continues to play,he grabs a black cloth and unfolds it over the drums to create a different sound.",
        "During the performance,many photographers come on stage to film the guy until he finishes and the crowd gives him a standing ovation."
    ],
    "v_yUbdrBSmUHE": [
        "A woman is seen jumping rope in the middle of a room performing several different jumps while looking off to the camera.",
        " The woman continues jumping over and over while still looking off into the distance.",
        "A website address is seen and then the words \"Introduction to rope skipping\".",
        " Then there is a girl in shorts and a tank top jumping rope.",
        " She then does some jumping with her legs out to the sides, front to back, then crossing her arms.",
        " Then she does some while twisting her hips back and forth.",
        " She does a few more variations and at the end we see the website listed again."
    ],
    "v_yVJGQI5MBIk": [
        "Two people are seen doing various martial arts moves to one another while a crowd of people cheer and applaud.",
        " The men continue kicking around one another and ends with them grabbing hands and smiling."
    ],
    "v_yVKmkR78Jn0": [
        "A group of women are seen walking around a parking lot wearing bikinis.",
        " The girls begin wiping down cars and bumping into one another.",
        " The girls continue washing down the car.",
        "A group of women are seen wearing bikinis and washing vars.",
        " They dance with one another while rubbing rags all over the cars.",
        "  They continue dancing around and rubbing down rags."
    ],
    "v_yVQBdK8VQ_I": [
        "A girl stands at a kitchen sink and demonstrates rinsing her mouth out with Crest whitening mouthwash.",
        "  A girl stands by a sink talking and using had gestures.",
        "  The girl then picks up a bottle of Crest whiting mouth wash and rinses her mouth for 60 seconds.",
        "  The woman then spits the rinse out in the sink, and proceeds to talk to the camera again."
    ],
    "v_yVp99wxlW90": [
        "A man is outside playing croquette.",
        " Other men appear and play the game with him, hitting the ball through various holes on the lawn.",
        " A man throws his stick, then lifts it over his head in victory.",
        "A man is playing a game in front of a large house.",
        " His friends join him, and they play croquette.",
        " They hit the balls through the hoops with mallets."
    ],
    "v_yVrru7t3478": [
        "A camera is seen moving closer to a playground and shows a woman going down a slide.",
        " A dog rides down with her and another dog walks around the area.",
        " The woman rides down several more times with the small dog next to her."
    ],
    "v_yW76UI8lnNc": [
        "Black and yellow tokens slides on the floor while people holding sticks arrange the tokens on a painted triangle.",
        " Toddlers walk on the sidewalk and cross the road stepping on the tokens."
    ],
    "v_yWCrbhU_X_U": [
        "Two little kids are eating an ice cream cone at mcdonalds.",
        " They are licking and so happy to have ice cream.",
        " The little girl is playing peek a boo with someone and both of their faces have ice cream on them.",
        " They are just enjoying the ice cream very much."
    ],
    "v_yX_DJiboktI": [
        "We see a dark opening screen.",
        " We see two women performing a baton twirling routine in a gym.",
        " One lady does a handstand the other holds her legs.",
        " They twirl the batons high in the sky.",
        " A person walks in front of the camera.",
        " They twirl the baton on their necks.",
        " One lady has both baton.",
        " They throw the batons in the sky and twirl.",
        " The brunette does a split and they finish dancing.",
        "Two women are seen holding a pose in the middle of a gym.",
        " They begin performing a routine using batons and others watching on the side.",
        " The girls continue dancing together with the batons and end by holding a pose."
    ],
    "v_yZErFOSkogc": [
        "There are two people underwater and a man is holding on to a strap on the woman and he's guiding her as they swim under water.",
        " The woman points with her left hand and the man continues to guide her as she touches the seaweed and keeps pointing to all the different areas she wants to go to.",
        "A man and woman are scuba diving in the ocean.",
        " the guide is helping the woman swim through the water.",
        " She is exploring the bottom of the sea, looking at plants and fish."
    ],
    "v_y_HCdBEJbNE": [
        "A man puts plaster on a base.",
        " The man walks over and rubs it on the ceiling.",
        " We see the stilts the man is walking on.",
        " The camera becomes wobbly and blurry.",
        " The man bends down to grab more plaster.",
        " The man smiles and the video ends."
    ],
    "v_ybAEMliC7p4": [
        "A man is sitting down behind a desk with a clock on it doing a rubiks cube.",
        " He completes it and smiles as he sets it down.",
        "This man is show solving the rubics cube while there's a timer to time how long it takes.",
        " First someone says something and then he starts twisting sides of the cube to match the colors together.",
        " When he's done, he turns the cube in different ways to show viewers how all of the colors are grouped together."
    ],
    "v_ybF4RykZxK8": [
        "A man is seen riding down on a skateboard while the camera follows his movements.",
        " The man skates around the street through obstacles and down the street.",
        " More people continue riding down the street while the camera follows them."
    ],
    "v_ycYPyXN0CPg": [
        "A person is seen wearing a mask over their face and holding a hose in their hand.",
        " The person then begins spraying down the fence with the hose.",
        " The person continuously sprays along the fence while the camera captures it's movements."
    ],
    "v_yduDG8EcM0A": [
        "There's a little boy wearing a red Elmo shirt standing on a step stool in the kitchen with his grandmother.",
        " They are juicing a lemon on an electric juicer that is placed on the kitchen counter near the sink.",
        " the boy seems excited to help his grandmother juice the lemon.",
        " He puts his hand over her hand while she is juicing the lemon."
    ],
    "v_yeEe8-aYA2E": [
        "A man is riding a bike down the sidewalk.",
        " He is jumping off a ramp.",
        " He is seen jumping off his bike.",
        "A man is riding a bike while wearing a helmet.",
        " He does stunts and turns on the bike.",
        " He goes up and down ramps in a skate park."
    ],
    "v_yeLB4QXA3NQ": [
        "We see a newscaster speaking in a studio.",
        " We see scenes in a carwash and a man speaks to the camera and goes to his office.",
        " We return and see men in a car wash washing cars.",
        " A man pulls money from his pocket and we see cars being washed.",
        " We see a man count his money at the car wash then a newscaster speaks in front of the car wash.",
        " The newscaster runs and interviews men at the carwash who refuse to speak to him.",
        " We see more cars being washed.",
        "A woman is talking in front of a screen.",
        " Then we see a gathering at an outdoor event.",
        " A man is shown at a building, detailing and washing cars."
    ],
    "v_yeUuZ9vk5gE": [
        "A person is seen placing dough balls onto a pan and then placing them into an oven.",
        " She then takes them out of the oven and puts the cookies onto a plate."
    ],
    "v_yeWCfvmeUvM": [
        "A group of people are seen sitting on swings and moving back and fourth on the swings.",
        " Several clips are then shown of the girls doing cartwheels and playing on the playground.",
        " They then put sunscreen on and end by giving one a hat and cheering in the stands.",
        "four girls are swinging on a swing set.",
        " then the girls jump and do cartwheels.",
        " the girls are then seen using a seesaw."
    ],
    "v_ygkcjkVqxAA": [
        "A woman is seen playing Frisbee out in a back yard with a dog and performs several tricks with the dog.",
        " She continuously plays with several toys with the dog when another person watches on the side."
    ],
    "v_ygmYkKbS-4U": [
        "A man in a blue shirt is sweeping the floor in a gym.",
        " He flips the broom over and lays it flat on the floor.",
        " He starts vacuuming around the floor.",
        " He vacuums the bottom of the broom."
    ],
    "v_yhWPzE-kmk4": [
        "A young child is seen talking to the camera while wearing oven mits and holding a stick.",
        " The boy then opens and oven door and pulls out a plate of cookies.",
        " He uses the stick to push the rack back and closes the oven while waves to the camera."
    ],
    "v_yhWw7oJrUFo": [
        "A girl wearing a black blouse describes how to bake in a kitchen.",
        " The baker pours flour into a clear bowl using a measuring cup.",
        " The baker then scoops out four level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour.",
        " The baker pours the flour and cornstarch mixture into a sifter and begins sifting the ingredients three times."
    ],
    "v_yj2WJBqmEHk": [
        "A person is seen sitting at the top of a hill sitting in a tube.",
        " The person then begins riding down the hill in a tube.",
        " The person rides all the way to the end.",
        "A person is tubing down a hill.",
        " There is a two little kids in front of them on small tubes.",
        " A person in a red jacket stands at the bottom of the hill."
    ],
    "v_yl3bjdUZrmM": [
        "A person is seen pumping out sunscreen to kids as they rub it all over their skin.",
        " Many speak to the camera while doing activities and continue to rub it all over their faces and arms.",
        "a woman is shown applying sunscreen to several hands.",
        " Kids are shown rubbing the lotion into their arms and legs.",
        " The kids talk about the benefits of using sunscreen to the camera."
    ],
    "v_ym_OhvcJ--w": [
        "A field of purple flowers is shown in an image.",
        " A wood cabin and cars going over the snow covered mountains appear, before a crowd of skiers are shown gathered on the mountainside.",
        " The skiers begin skiing down the mountains, multiple people in a row before entering an ice cavern.",
        " The people rest in lawn chairs outside the cabin after they are done.",
        "A camera pans around a large snowy mountain with people walking around.",
        " A man speaks to the camera and shows people skiing and climbing inside a ice cave.",
        " At the top people are seen relaxing with one another."
    ],
    "v_ymwMEUuXygs": [
        "A man with a blue shirt is outside walking up a stair case into a building.",
        "As he walks in ,he walks down a row of several bicycles and sets up a camera.",
        "The man then enters another room with three other males and they begin to unbox and assemble several bicycles together.",
        "Once they are secured,the men get on them,testing them out and making the final touches on them.",
        "The bikes are finally finished and the man lifts it up to the camera and begins riding it down the sidewalk."
    ],
    "v_yqzV0O139Yk": [
        "Two people are seen standing on a field in front of ball when one bends over to balance on the ball.",
        " The woman then performs exercises on the ball with the man's assistance."
    ],
    "v_yrGietojx78": [
        "A man in a white shirt is holding a tool in his hand.",
        " He starts chopping weeds down in a field.",
        " He stops and puts the tool against a fence."
    ],
    "v_ytvIoI5uwFA": [
        "A man is standing in front of another man while someone adjusts the table between them.",
        " The men lock arms, and begin to arm wrestle.",
        " They push and pull hard, trying to win.",
        " They suddenly begin punching each other, breaking out in a fight.",
        " One begins to fall after a punch."
    ],
    "v_yuxoNmlNcc8": [
        "A flag is shown waving where it is stuck in the ground.",
        " A group of people are standing outside the building, some eating.",
        " A man shurgs at the camera as a game commences."
    ],
    "v_yvTmIulkl7c": [
        "A little girl is inside a covered porch.",
        " She swings a baton at a small pinata.",
        " She is blindfolded as she continues to swing again and again."
    ],
    "v_yvzlX5St_Ok": [
        "People are driving bumper cars on a brown floor.",
        " The bumper cars collide with each other.",
        " A girl laughs out loud."
    ],
    "v_ywJQotAB3dw": [
        "A small group of people are seen playing a soccer match with one another and kicking a ball around in outside area.",
        " The men continue to play while some shots are shown in slow motion and end with the men running around one another.",
        "A close up of a flag is shown in a room.",
        " Several people walk around a court with a couple of balls.",
        " They kick the balls back and forth in a game of dodgeball."
    ],
    "v_ywWHBghVyJ4": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding various tools in his hands.",
        " The man then runs a waxer over a ski board as the camera pans around his movements.",
        "A man is talking inside his garage.",
        " He shows how to use tools to wax down a ski.",
        " He shows the entire length of the board as he waxes it."
    ],
    "v_ywsH9kD033I": [
        "A group of men are on a stage together.",
        " They have a large table and board in front of them.",
        " One of the men breaks the board after talking to the audience."
    ],
    "v_yxSBQXuOwuc": [
        "A logo is shown with water drop sounds playing in the background.",
        " A man is then shown wearing scubba gear and giving various hand signals to the camera.",
        " The water sounds still play and the man shows you various moves and what they mean under water.",
        " The logo then reappears on the screen and the video ends."
    ],
    "v_yxZ4ouqcld4": [
        "A camera shoots various shots all around a city and shoe store.",
        " Hundreds of people are walking around an area and checking out shoes.",
        " A man talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear.",
        " People are dancing and enjoying the event together.",
        " There is food being eaten at the event by many.",
        " Several runners are getting ready to start a race.",
        " The race begins and people run very fast.",
        " Several people get interviewed during the race.",
        " The man who wins the race comes across the finish line.",
        " Several more people are shown finishing."
    ],
    "v_z-1HUIQFGIg": [
        "Karate students play standing and hand held drums in a studio.",
        " Karate students jump over the top of a rope held by other students on a mat.",
        " The group of karate students practices punches standing in a line.",
        " A group of younger student practice sparring against opponents.",
        " The groups spin each other in circles holding each others hands.",
        " The group stands in a circle and jump up and down together while watching the instructor."
    ],
    "v_z-94IUxC4Xc": [
        "Several shots of scenery are shown followed by a person performing a trick on a skateboard and others riding down a hill.",
        " Several shots are shown of people riding down the street on skateboards and doing several tricks while the camera zooms in.",
        " One man falls in the end and his board crashes along the side."
    ],
    "v_z-_snl6eaPE": [
        "Two teams of ice hockey players are on a rink.",
        " One of the players falls as he gets into a fight.",
        " A referee attempts to break up the fight.",
        "a hockey game is in progress.",
        " two hockey players ram into each other and begin fighting.",
        " the referee skates over and breaks up the fight."
    ],
    "v_z1QgzOfUjow": [
        "Several people are riding in rafts down a river.",
        " They paddle hard, trying to stay afloat.",
        " They go over small waterfalls and through the rapids.",
        "People are sitting in large rafts.",
        " They are paddling with oars.",
        " They are going over large waves in the river."
    ],
    "v_z4_OuffZPAo": [
        "A man peels a potato while blindfolded and two little girls watch.",
        " The man finishes and holds up the potato to the camera.",
        " The man picks up a peel off the table.",
        " the man removes his blindfold."
    ],
    "v_z5bc9KKiAGI": [
        "A boy is standing behind a counter.",
        " He is throwing darts at a wall.",
        " A woman is standing next to him."
    ],
    "v_z6IsPWucZnU": [
        "A baby is shown floating upside down in a pool.",
        " Trainers are teaching the child how to stay afloat.",
        " He is learning how to swim, keeping himself above water."
    ],
    "v_z93quI8Gxx4": [
        "The woman is riding a camel as she talks to the camera.",
        " A man is guiding the camel and giving the camel food.",
        " The woman is reporting while she is on the back of the camel."
    ],
    "v_zB8kwWJqQ8Q": [
        "men and women are in team playing foosball in a table in a basket court.",
        " referee is standing in front of table watching the game.",
        " people is sitting in terraces behind the court watching the game."
    ],
    "v_zBtmE0BAjGE": [
        "A woman is shown walking around a kitchen turning on a faucet and l letting the sink fill up with water.",
        " She is shown wearing gloves, spraying cleaner around the sink and scrubbing with a brush.",
        " She smiles at the cleaning product and pans out to the label being shown."
    ],
    "v_zChDaAcfc2o": [
        "We see water flowing over a river.",
        " A title appears on the screen.",
        " A person in a canoe goes over the waterfall.",
        " The person rides the rapids of the river.",
        " We see people on a rock on the riverbank watching the canoer.",
        " The person in the canoe smiles and talks to the camera."
    ],
    "v_zDBpa2miW8A": [
        "An intro starts entitled how to cut the grass.",
        " A man walks out wearing funny attire and showing off to the camera with a lawn mower.",
        " The man then walks around and blows the leaves off still wearing the funny outfit."
    ],
    "v_zE0vlPLBVJo": [
        "A young child is seen holding a stick and swinging at a pinata that is hanging above her.",
        " The pinata and pulled lower and the girl cheers while others around her grab candy.",
        "A little girl is at a party in a house.",
        " She is holding a large stick.",
        " She is using it to hit a pinata."
    ],
    "v_zEdAxKm9SLA": [
        "There's a person named Michael from the Wild flower Tool company who is doing a tutorial on telescopic head shears for gardening.",
        " He demonstrates the several features of the shears such as extendable handles.",
        " He is standing near a big hedge in a garden.",
        " He shows how to use the shears by cutting off some of the branches of the hedge.",
        " He then extends the handles of the shears to show how far he can reach hard to reach places on top of the hedge."
    ],
    "v_zFUUBWJ58UA": [
        "A woman is seen walking up to a door and smiling to the camera while hanging up her coat.",
        " She puts an apron on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera.",
        " She is shown painting various furniture as well as showing it off in the end."
    ],
    "v_zGT6EplIOHY": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " People kick a ball indoor between yellow cones on fake grass.",
        " A player kicks a ball over a guy's head.",
        " Players kick a ball that knocks down a yellow cone which they pick up."
    ],
    "v_zGTqXydTuQs": [
        "We see a house, a van and a title screen.",
        " Two boys in scuba gear sit in a van and preparing to scuba dive.",
        " We see three people in the water, two under water.",
        " We see under water  and above intermittently.",
        " A boy talks to the camera and lifts his goggles.",
        " We see the names of the boys.",
        " We see the ending title screens.",
        "Two boys are shown putting on scuba gear.",
        " An instructor takes them underwater.",
        " They swim around in shallow water.",
        " They then exit the water."
    ],
    "v_zGwcX0S4DVA": [
        "People are riding camels in the desert.",
        " People are walking alongside camels.",
        " A lady looks down and to the side of her camel."
    ],
    "v_zH-fOiPLLxA": [
        "A brush is attached to a power drill for scrubbing.",
        "  The top of the sink is scrubbed then the bowl.",
        "  It is wiped with a towel to finish."
    ],
    "v_zHzKPtrgv1k": [
        "A set of kids are in bumper cars and begin driving and hitting each other.",
        "One of the young kids runs into wall and the males who are operating the ride assist the child."
    ],
    "v_zI6PsewSm7w": [
        "A young man is see performing a dance routine using a baton in the middle of a large gym.",
        " The boy continues dancing and spinning around and ends by holding a pose and walking off stage.",
        "a boy is dancing with a baton on a court.",
        " the boy twists, turns, and throws the baton.",
        " the boy then falls to the floor and perform several tricks on the floor."
    ],
    "v_zKHMKAOb1iw": [
        "A group is engaged in a game of curling.",
        " They use the sticks to push the pucks.",
        " The pucks slide easily over the ice.",
        "A person is buffing the ice in front of a ball.",
        " A man slides a curling ball down the lane.",
        " People are standing at the end of the lane cheering."
    ],
    "v_zKYqEsVfEnU": [
        "Two men are seen standing together with one speaking to the camera and the other laying on the floor.",
        " The man kneels behind him and points to his body while the man laying door moves his arms and legs to demonstrate proper exercises."
    ],
    "v_zL_WLS1gPNw": [
        "A woman is kneeling down on the ground next to a desk.",
        " She starts painting the desk white with a paint brush.",
        " She then starts painting two of the drawers orange."
    ],
    "v_zNpILhjhFbQ": [
        "A person sits on a mat in a gym and does sit ups while holding her legs up.",
        " The person finishes the exercise routine and takes a break.",
        " A graphic is seen with a feather falling."
    ],
    "v_zPDbMflNURc": [
        "A man wearing a blue apron with the words \"ski wax vauhti\" is waxing climbing skins and the words on the screen say it's for better glide and to reduces snow buildup on sticky snow.",
        "The man begins by applying a long purple piece of material onto the bottom of the ski.",
        "The man then picks up a small container and words on the screen appear saying that it's \"vauhti violet glider\" and when he removes the content it looks like a purple bar of wax.",
        "The man then picks up an iron and begins to melt some of the wax onto it by rubbing it on the hot iron, then onto the material on the ski and then back and forth to melting the wax and rubbing it onto the long piece of fabric on the ski.",
        "The man then takes the iron straight to the fabric and begins to glide the iron over the material and the words on the screen indicate that it's to melt the wax into the skin using low temperature to avoid burning the skin.",
        "The iron is put down and the focus goes to a close up shot of the purple material that just had wax melted onto it.",
        "A person stands on front a table fixing a ski.",
        " The person puts a purple strap on the ski.",
        " Then, the person rubs a purple bar on an iron to melt and rubs the strap.",
        " After, the man pass the iron over the strap on the ski."
    ],
    "v_zQ4HbFGX7t0": [
        "A man closing his house door and then opening his car door.",
        " He gets in the car and puts the keys in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop.",
        " He gets some boards and starts sanding them down smoothing them out.",
        " When the day is over he turns the lights off and gets ready for work."
    ],
    "v_zQFC5vNZ_Qs": [
        "A little girl is crossing the monkey bars.",
        " A woman is helping her standing under her.",
        " The girl drops and the woman catches her."
    ],
    "v_zUPadKgtYHw": [
        "a lot of people are on a marathon running in street while people is on sides.",
        " different women and men are acrossing the finish."
    ],
    "v_zUt53fHpqc8": [
        "A group of men are shown cheering and jumping around in slow motion.",
        " Many people are present as trophies are displayed.",
        " A bunch of people gather to play beer pong and drink.",
        " Various shots of the action at different tables is shown and then the video cuts to an internet address to find out more information."
    ],
    "v_zWiu-wdKeWs": [
        "A man walks towards a tree.",
        " The man picks up and releases some dirt near the tree.",
        " The man talks to the camera.",
        " The man walks towards another tree, while an individual can be seated in some kind of vehicle in the background and another individual dismounts from the vehicle.",
        " The man points out something at the base of the tree while the camera zooms in for a closeup.",
        "man is standing next to a tree putting dirt around tree.",
        " the man walks to another tree and with the foot kick the dirt.",
        " in the sreet a man is standing in a car behind the tree."
    ],
    "v_zX9DZ_x9rJ4": [
        "A black intro screen with white words appear and it notes the location, the people, and the cake they are going to make.",
        "A man and woman wearing red aprons appear in a kitchen with a white kitchen aid mixer in front of them and a banner on the screen displaying all the ingredients.",
        " The view then changes to a shot from above to show what the man is doing, and the banner on the screen is still showing the ingredients that are being used.",
        "The view changes from front to a top angle as the man is mixing the ingredients.",
        "The view then changes back to a front view and the man moves the kitchen aid to the side and grabs from the counter behind them, a baked cake and a plate with a slice of cake on it.",
        " The outro includes a picture of the man and woman standing together, their names, the name of the cake they made, their address and the news station that aired it.",
        "The credits then begin to scroll from bottom to top on a black screen with white letters."
    ],
    "v_zYQ-WdosIwI": [
        "A woman is seen standing on a pink may while speaking to the camera.",
        " The woman then gets on knees and sits backwards.",
        " She looks forward while sitting up and does this several times while speaking to the camera.",
        "First the woman greets everyone through the camera and she tells what she will be doing.",
        " Then she kneels down on the yoga mat and then she sits on her feet.",
        " Next, she comes up and comes back down doing a kneeling squat."
    ],
    "v_z_ojmuWzMWo": [
        "A dog is being bathed by a woman.",
        " The woman is spraying water on the small dog with a hose.",
        " She is now blow drying the dog.",
        " The dog is placed in the kennel next to a woman's feet.",
        " A dog plays behind and with the groomed dog.",
        " The dog now is getting a haircut."
    ],
    "v_zahB34blHyk": [
        "There is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence.",
        " He is using a spray paint hose to paint the wooden fence.",
        " He moves the hose back and forth to ensure he covers the entire surface area of the fence."
    ],
    "v_zc7_D9RiOY0": [
        "A scuba diver is under the water wearing oxygen in he mouth.",
        " The diver is holding his eye mask, and put it on.",
        " Another scuba diver took off his eye masks, while behind him are other scuba divers swimming, then he put back is masked on and give an okay sign with his fingers."
    ],
    "v_zcdJNPYkIE0": [
        "A scuba-diving man interacts underwater with a large fish.",
        " The man makes a pushing gesture towards the camera.",
        " The man makes several gestures towards the camera.",
        " The fish rams into the man and swims away."
    ],
    "v_zcvbHJ1BZ9s": [
        "A man pulls a boot onto his foot seated in a chair inside.",
        " The man fastens the straps on the boat.",
        " A person shows the man how to fasten the straps on the boot.",
        " The man shakes while trying to finish putting on the shoes."
    ],
    "v_zfU85oBVpfA": [
        "A man is kneeling on a mat while holding a pole.",
        " He leans forward, demonstrating a technique.",
        " He continues to talk about the pole and his position.",
        "A man is located inside a building.",
        " he kneels down on a mat while holding a pole.",
        " He shows how to lean holding the pole."
    ],
    "v_zh0haUMeZV0": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera while people work out around him.",
        " The man then kneels down and demonstrates how to properly lift a weight while moving his body all around.",
        " He is then seen kneeling on both knees while standing up in the end to speak to the camera.",
        "A man is shown speaking inside a gym.",
        " Several other people are in the background working out on the equipment.",
        " The man kneels on the floor, showing how to position oneself for lifting smaller weights."
    ],
    "v_zh2Thxc6NVI": [
        "A man in a red jacket is talking on a hockey rink.",
        " Several people start playing hockey on the ice.",
        " He gives another player a hug."
    ],
    "v_zjbxaEVgzyE": [
        "A woman is seen stepping into a pit with a large man and then begins running around one another.",
        " The woman then climbs on top of the man while he spins her around and she gets him in a head lock.",
        " The two bow to one another and the woman stands next to the host shaking his hands."
    ],
    "v_zlAwW2Pxc1A": [
        "A man is standing on a ladder.",
        " He is hanging wall paper onto a wall in front of him.",
        " He uses a tool to smooth out the wall paper once it's on the wall."
    ],
    "v_zlXvqnBqVvI": [
        "The two people take shots with their pucks down the board.",
        " The person changes the score on the board posted on a pole.",
        " A player walks down the board to retrieve the pucks.",
        " Two people play a leisurely game of shuffle board on an outdoor court."
    ],
    "v_zm8gZpwZkRE": [
        "A woman is in a room with chairs.",
        " She is playing the violin.",
        " Two men are playing drums with her.",
        " The camera pans between them."
    ],
    "v_zmaDLAZu4kA": [
        "There's a man in a white shirt and hat riding a horse in a large stable, chasing a calf to catch it by a rope.",
        " The man begins chasing the calf on horseback as the calf runs fast.",
        " He throws the rope which in the form of a noose, around the calf's neck and captures it cruelly.",
        " After the calf falls down, he gets off the horse and ties its front and hind feet together and then walks abck to get on the horse.",
        "A cowboy rides his horse out of a gate.",
        " He ropes a calf with a lasso.",
        " He dismounts, tying the calf and getting back on his horse."
    ],
    "v_zoSNO_k9RoM": [
        "A person puts a contact lens in his right eye.",
        " Then, the person puts a contact lens in his left eye."
    ],
    "v_zpBZ7HMNO34": [
        "A woman is riding on an eliiptical as advertisements for the equipment flash across the screen.",
        " She uses the trainer from multiple angels, pushing and pulling while pedaling.",
        "woman is in a living room doing exercise in a elliptical machine.",
        " when finish she take off the elliptical and push it very easily.",
        " woman is doing exercise in a living room in front of a white couch."
    ],
    "v_zrnxRV3yLR8": [
        "A bedroom then its furniture disappears and leaves the room empty.",
        " Pieces of wallpaper appear on the walls before the furniture reapers in the room.",
        " The adhesive strip is removed from the wall paper and is applied to the wall by hand.",
        " A man smooths wallpaper on a wall with his hands and a brush.",
        " Pieces of wall paper are trimmed with a razor.",
        " The white walls of a room is progressively filled with colorful pictures.",
        " A person peels applications and put on a wall.",
        " Then, the person pass a brush on a paper and puts it on the wall.",
        " After the person cuts pieces of a picture to fit in the wall."
    ],
    "v_ztD4lVJATws": [
        "A woman is seen kneeling on the floor and pulling onto a piece of exercise equipment.",
        " The woman begins turning her body with the equipment while speaking to the camera.",
        " She continues pulling onto the lever while looking back to the camera."
    ],
    "v_ztogHoQpE4A": [
        "A man is working over the back of a trailer.",
        " He is welding the metal between two pieces of wood.",
        " Sparks fly as he works, crouching down on the sidewalk."
    ],
    "v_zufK6CufVhA": [
        "A man eyes are seen waking up followed by his feet and him turning on a faucet and washing his hands.",
        " The man then buttons a shirt, ties a tie, and walks out past people onto a deck.",
        " The man runs in acting all crazy and showing several clips of him playing shuffle board.",
        " Several closes ups of the man are shown followed by more clips of him pushing along a puck.",
        "First the man wakes up with his eyes buck wide and he washes his face and gets dressed.",
        " Then he heads outside and plays a game of solo shuffle and he scores good points.",
        " He even pushes the ball using a strange angle and the ball still makes it to number 10."
    ],
    "v_zvXi08rTq3Y": [
        "We see people riding bumper cars.",
        " A man is in the car with a small boy.",
        " We see an orange car come into the screen followed by a gold car."
    ],
    "v_zwa44U585FE": [
        "A couple of men are shown in a backyard.",
        " They are playing a game of croquette.",
        " They hit the balls, trying to get them through the small loops.",
        "Two men are standing and talking in a yard holding onto croquet sticks and balls on the ground and white words appear at the bottom of the screen that say \"How to play croquet with Mr Ben Sutton on Sea, summer 1990\".",
        " The men walk a little on the grass and they each briefly hit different balls.",
        " The men are back in the area where they first started talking and are pointing in areas that look like they're pointing out their course.",
        "The men are now playing croquet in the large grassy area and they're taking turns hitting the croquet balls, smiling, and talking the whole time."
    ],
    "v_zyPisOj2Tdo": [
        "A woman peforms before a court on a basketball gym.",
        " She is a majorette, flipping and throwing her baton into the air.",
        " The crowd watches as she flips, throws, and turns."
    ],
    "v_zyi4NVylqB0": [
        "A small group of people are seen shaking hands and standing together followed by a man blowing a whistle and people running around.",
        " The people then play a game of soccer with one another, running up and down the sandy field while coaches yell on the side and a goal is blocked."
    ],
    "v_zyylgHTPUS8": [
        "A commercial advertising dog grooming services exhibits displaying a series of still images to market the dog grooming business.",
        "  Still shots of a dog grooming parlor exterior along with pictures of dogs, groomed dogs, and the interior of the grooming facility appear.",
        "  A picture of a dog in a metal bathtub appears along with several other dogs standing in the facility and receiving eye brow trimming, nail clipping, and hair cuts exhibits.",
        "  An information final series of still images displays advertising the location, phone number and other services offered by the grooming boutique.",
        "An image of the front of a dog parlor is shown followed by images of the dogs they have helped and the equipment inside.",
        "As the pictures continue,dogs are being shown getting groomed in a large bath tub.",
        "After,more shots are visible of before and after results of the dog and ending with the address of the building."
    ],
    "v_zzxYEZkahBU": [
        "A person is throwing a disk down a strip of land.",
        " A woman in a brown shirt is holding a red cup.",
        " A boy pushes a ball with a stick.",
        " A man in a black shirt is holding a stick.",
        " A boy in a white shirt smiles at the camera."
    ],
    "v_---9CpRcKoU": [
        "A man was sitting inside a room.",
        " He is holding a bowl of noodles and broth.",
        " He is drinking the broth from a bowl."
    ],
    "v_--0edUL8zmA": [
        "Four men are playing dodge ball in an indoor court.",
        " They start running towards the red balls after the coach blows the whistle.",
        " One of the players hits the ball on his opponent.",
        " The opponent strikes back at the other player, but he manages to dodge the ball.",
        " Next, the player hits another ball directly at his opponent standing opposite him.",
        " The player hits the ball hard on his opponent's leg.",
        " They continue playing several rounds of dodge ball.",
        " The player aims directly at one of his opponents and hits him on his leg.",
        " The game ends after the coach blows the whistle."
    ],
    "v_-1IlTIWPNs4": [
        "A cameraman walks down a snowy driveway to capture a young child shoveling up snow.",
        " The boy speaks into the camera and continues pushing the snow around with a shovel."
    ],
    "v_-5Yp-vToI2E": [
        "A large group of people are seen standing around a ballet room and leads into four performing a dance.",
        " The four continuously move together while holding hands and doing the same moves.",
        " The girls laugh together and continue dancing and ending by holding a pose."
    ],
    "v_-AjZCBMb4qU": [
        "A girl is seating in front of a table, playing an accordian.",
        " She stares at the camera as she plays the keyboard and pulls the accordian in and out."
    ],
    "v_-BVpaPkee2I": [
        "An athletic woman is seen talking to the camera and leads into her teaching a cycling class with others.",
        " More shots of her leading are shown in different areas."
    ],
    "v_-C1nnsyw7R0": [
        "man is standing in a racetrack and is running to make a jump and people is standing around him.",
        " man is sitting in a room talking to the camera.",
        " man is running in a racetrack and jumping in the dust and man is sitting in a room talking.",
        " players are running playing american football and spectators are in the terraces.",
        " old man is talking in the room and the man in the race track is running and practicing the jump."
    ],
    "v_-DTxZliHCTE": [
        "A man is mowing the lawn on a yard and laughing and making jokes with friends that are watching.",
        " He begins to run with the lawn mover and nearly runs into something as his friends laugh in enjoyment.",
        " One of his friends tries to help him as he is mowing the lawn."
    ],
    "v_-EKpX0t44pQ": [
        "A wrestler is walking out and gets into the ring.",
        " Someone is laying on their stomach getting a tattoo on their back.",
        " A man in a red shirt is tattooing the man laying down.",
        " The wrestler is shown again."
    ],
    "v_-FbWTFJ3kV0": [
        "A boat that has a blue sail with two people is sailing in a body of water.",
        "The person at the front of the boat is leaning off to the side and is seemingly hitting the water.",
        " The water starts to become more and more choppy.",
        " The boat makes a turn to the right.",
        " The boat begins to head to the shore."
    ],
    "v_-G8N5FxjZbw": [
        "A man is seen playing a set of bagpipes while people behind him push around bicycles.",
        " He is seen playing again while more people walk in and out of frame with children and dogs.",
        " Some people stop to hear him play and he stops to look to the camera."
    ],
    "v_-HaFSqzE4Nc": [
        "A teenage boy and girl are sitting in s car smoking from a hose.",
        " The girl and boy take turns blowing smoke rings."
    ],
    "v_-Kmx-BCAsQc": [
        "A man in orange waves then mounts a pommel horse.",
        " The man spins around and around on the pommel horse.",
        " A man on the right takes a photo.",
        " The man swings one leg at a time.",
        " The man does a handstand then dismounts.",
        " The man walks away as another walks to the pommel horse.",
        " The end screens are shown and the video ends."
    ],
    "v_-L-LiCO1v-s": [
        "A man standing in front of orange flowers talks.",
        " A small dog is laying on the ground.",
        " A shower head is shown.",
        " A woman is sitting on a bed with the dog.",
        " Her and the dog are in the shower.",
        " She is spraying the dog with water.",
        " A bottle is being held up to be shown.",
        " She dries the dog off with a white towel.",
        " A robot is dancing on the screen."
    ],
    "v_-PbWrGLuHT8": [
        "A person is seen riding a board along the water with a kite on top.",
        " More clips are shown of the person riding back and fourth on the board.",
        " The person continues to ride the board along the water."
    ],
    "v_-Q9WotFs1MI": [
        "A man is holding an ax in the forest.",
        " He is talking and adjusting a large stump.",
        " He uses the ax to split the wood."
    ],
    "v_-V00wKlFJA0": [
        "A man is seen standing in a garage and proceeds to play a set of bagpipes.",
        " The man continues playing the instrument while moving his hands around and stops in the end to turn off the camera."
    ],
    "v_-Xl95IW5H_s": [
        "This is a tutorial on how to start a campfire.",
        " It shows the campfire burning on the ground.",
        " It starts with the things you will need to begin with.",
        " A designated place and some rocks arranged in a circle to create a pit.",
        " Some crumpled newspaper and a lighter along with a bucket of water.",
        " A man begins demonstrating how to place the newspaper and twigs on top of that.",
        " He then creates a pyramid shaped structure.",
        " He takes his lighter and lights the newspaper in several places to start the fire.",
        " The bonfire starts burning and continues to burn.",
        " He adds a few more twigs to keep the flames burning."
    ],
    "v_-YMpwZkNc2A": [
        "A man walks into frame and speaks to the camera while holding a razor and razor heads in his hands.",
        " A scene appears over the man's video and he is seen rubbing cream on his face and shaving off the hair.",
        " He leaves a bit of hair on his chin and is seen again speaking to the camera and walks away."
    ],
    "v_-YjGbsbDoxs": [
        "A lady named Linda, creator of Paint Along is demonstrating how to do an acrylic painting.",
        " She starts with a one inch flat brush and yellow and white acrylic paint.",
        " She makes X patterns across the canvas with the yellow color.",
        " She continues the same pattern on the top part of the canvas.",
        " Then she draws straight lines across the canvas with an orange color.",
        " She then takes a liner brush to do some finer detailing on the painting such as branches of a tree.",
        " She takes a flatter brush to demonstrate a dabbing technique with excess paint to show flower petals.",
        " She ends the video with the abstract painting technique."
    ],
    "v_-YreL-4QCLg": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " A guy holds a lacrosse stick and instructs.",
        " A guy moves a ball with the lacrosse stick.",
        " A guy tosses a ball into a goal."
    ],
    "v_-fBTCykx4gM": [
        "A little boy walk toward the sink.",
        " The boy stands on front the sink and puts toothpaste on the brush,  and then brush the teeth.",
        " Then, the boy rinse his mouth and then show teeth and dry mouth."
    ],
    "v_-fLJHBqizNM": [
        "A man is shown on parallel bars doing a routine on them.",
        " He is very focused and flipping and rocking back and forth.",
        "The athlete then dismounts the bars and lands on his feet.",
        " Various shots of the same routine are shown with pauses in between and notes as to proper technique are shown."
    ],
    "v_-h3NbdE8N9M": [
        "A team is on a field, trying to get the ball from their opponents.",
        " They are playing a game of lacrosse.",
        " They fight over the ball, trying to get it into a goal."
    ],
    "v_-lER_VO9LUo": [
        "Two dogs are walking on the sidewalk attached by a rope.",
        " Two people are walking on the sidewalk next to them.",
        " One of the people is carrying a water bottle."
    ],
    "v_-lJS58hyo1c": [
        "A lady walks to a barbell.",
        " She bends down and grabs the pole.",
        " The lady stands and lifts the weight over her head.",
        " The lady drops the barbell and smiles."
    ],
    "v_-lV2zo5XsCg": [
        "A close up of a horse is seen standing in a fenced in area.",
        " A person is then seen brushing the horse from the side.",
        " The person continues brushing as a close up of the horse is shown."
    ],
    "v_-nskwoky7vk": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a large accordion in his hands.",
        " The man then demonstrates how to properly play the instrument while moving his hands up and down."
    ],
    "v_-s1MQAiOMeY": [
        "A black template with scrolling print with white lettering goes across the screen in an upward motion.",
        "  A motor boat with two canoe like hulls on either side  of the sail, sails across an ocean, in daylight,  with two people hanging on to the side.",
        "  The image of the boat on the water changes to night vision with only green and white colors reflecting before the credits roll."
    ],
    "v_-sXrwv7C5CI": [
        "A man jumps onto two bars.",
        " He does a gymnastics routine on the bars.",
        " A man in a white jacket watches him perform.",
        " He does a flip and lands on the mat.",
        " The crowd applauds him after he lands."
    ],
    "v_-tv6laq1ic0": [
        "We see blinds down on a window.",
        " A person is laying in a tattoo parlor being tattooed.",
        " We back up and see the tattoo artist.",
        " The lady looks in her phone and smiles at the camera.",
        " We pan down and see the tattoo artist work."
    ],
    "v_-tvhSol-wTs": [
        "A man is seen talking to the camera while holding a tennis racket and begins demonstrating how to hit the ball.",
        " The man continues to speak and hit the ball while moving around the gym and gesturing to the camera."
    ],
    "v_-ux1hQSR1AM": [
        "An athletic man dressed in blue approaches the gymnastic horse and stands there and stares at it for a few seconds.",
        " The man then approaches it and puts his two hands on it and begins doing various moves on it where he twists, turns and maneuvers his body very skillfully all around the gymnastic horse.",
        " The the man finishes the end of his routine and jumps off of the gymnastic horse landing on his two feet, holds his two arms up in the air, claps his hands once and then takes a bow."
    ],
    "v_-v-Zail6TNw": [
        "An eight year old girl is playing a harmonica on a stage.",
        " The camera zooms in on the girl as the girl begins to play harder and harder, taking deeper and deeper breaths.",
        " The girl stops playing, takes a look to her left really quickly, then beings to smile while looking at the camera and clapping."
    ],
    "v_-y5p8UMdM20": [
        "Several shots are shown of signs and building as well as pictures of divers.",
        " Many people are seen speaking to the camera while taking turns diving off a board.",
        " More clips are shown of people diving and waving to the camera as well as speaking to one another and holding up a score."
    ],
    "v_-ySxFjhhK4Y": [
        "We see a man preparing and throwing shotput.",
        " We see a man running to measure the distance.",
        " We see a man standing and measure.",
        " We see people in the crowd cheering.",
        " We see the people in the bleachers again.",
        " We zoom in as the player walks away."
    ],
    "v_-z0ZvJD9gY4": [
        "A young man is seen spraying down a dog with water in the middle of an alleyway while the dog moves away from the water.",
        " The person continues spraying the dog with the hose and standing waiting for the dog."
    ],
    "v_-zfOvigQLdA": [
        "There's a lady swimmer diving into an indoor pool from a tall diving board while a small group of people are watching her perform.",
        " The diver stands in one position first to adjust her stance and then gradually steps forward on the diving board.",
        " She jumps up high and twists her body as she makes the jump.",
        " She ends up hurting herself on the back as she misjudges the distance from the diving board as she falls into the pool."
    ],
    "v_0-CYG7bH54A": [
        "An intro leads into several shots of various ingredients laid out on a wooden board, followed by a set of hands cutting up certain ingredients.",
        " A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta.",
        " They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together.",
        " The person then serves the food onto a plate and text appears across the screen."
    ],
    "v_00S8I27qDU4": [
        "A lady holds a javelin on a track she puts it down.",
        " The scene starts over and we see a lady throw a javelin and walk away.",
        " We then see the throw measured and a man walks up as talks to the girl."
    ],
    "v_02yDi9BaDO8": [
        "A woman in a red shirt is standing in a room.",
        " She starts working out on a blue mat.",
        " She stops and talks to the camera."
    ],
    "v_07GFy_Z7Nuc": [
        "A male gymnast walks up to the parallel bars and uses a spring board to jump up.",
        " Another man pulls the spring board out of the way.",
        " A large crowd watches from the stands in the gym.",
        " The gymnast does a parallel bar routine.",
        " Several other male gymnasts walk around in the background.",
        " The male gymnast completes his routine and runs off of the gym floor."
    ],
    "v_0A-p1Q0rseE": [
        "A mixologist is talking about how to make alcoholic drinks.",
        " She talks about the drinks she makes a lot of favorites.",
        " She starts with a voda soda and how to make one.",
        " The next drink she makes is vodka seven.",
        " Then she makes a screwdriver, a greyhound, and then mixed with cranberry juice."
    ],
    "v_0Gr4aKQzGYk": [
        "Various shots of a tattoo shop are shown followed by a woman sitting in a chair and a man getting items ready.",
        " She takes a sip of water and the man then pierces her lip with a needle.",
        " She is shown again in a picture of her new piercing."
    ],
    "v_0K1SrDmREzs": [
        "An athletic woman is seen standing in a circle moving in a slow motion holding a discuss.",
        " She then spins herself around while holding the object and then throwing it off the distance."
    ],
    "v_0LebHO3TvzE": [
        "Two people are seen sitting on shore while sitting in kayaks.",
        " One person inches himself closer to the water and begins riding along down the river."
    ],
    "v_0Mn0gxECBLA": [
        "A male mows a lawn using a red riding mower.",
        " A man whips grass of his foot.",
        " A large, black dog runs across the lawn.",
        " The man stops and reverses the riding mower.",
        " The man rubs his ear."
    ],
    "v_0O589B9zr84": [
        "Cartoon buildings are shown, then a pair of angels.",
        " We see a bucket filled with laundry.",
        " The video explains how washing clothes should involve soaking and brushing, and hand washing.",
        " Then it talks about rinsing and hanging the clothing to dry.",
        " We finally see an empty dryer before an ad for Laundry Bin Heaven."
    ],
    "v_0PnAEoMx-v0": [
        "A person is playing an acoustic guitar.",
        " There is a Christmas tree behind him.",
        " A logo with words comes onto the screen."
    ],
    "v_0PyY_iHBZHk": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera while showing shots of people playing water polo.",
        " More clips are shown of people hitting the ball as well as the host speaking to another man.",
        " More clips are shown of people playing in the pool and laughing with one another."
    ],
    "v_0T7yANM5I5Y": [
        "A man bends at the knees in front of a barbell.",
        " He lifts it slowly, bringing it to his chest.",
        " He pauses, then lifts it over his head before dropping it back to the ground."
    ],
    "v_0VHUSC4YFT4": [
        "A person is seen hanging on the side of a beam going down while another man holds him.",
        " He then pulls the other man up and watches him jump off on the side on a bungee cord."
    ],
    "v_0Z_mhRoqG2E": [
        "A close up of a landscape is shown followed by a woman climbing up a rock on it's side.",
        " The woman continues climbing and ends with her reaching the top and throwing her arms up."
    ],
    "v_0_BvBpwDMpU": [
        "A gymnast is seen raising his arm in the air and climbing on top a gymnastics beam.",
        " He spins himself around performing various tricks on the beam and finishes by jumping down and smiling to the applauding audience."
    ],
    "v_0_xap_BBDrw": [
        "An old man with gray hair, wearing red shirt and black pants is dribbling the ball in an indoor court, he dribbled the ball side by side, between his legs.",
        " He shoot the ball into the ring, then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs, and shoot the ball into the ring."
    ],
    "v_0acEl97ZBME": [
        "A camera pans up to a man sitting and smoking a cigarette.",
        " Another man walks over with a cart and begins digging through trash.",
        " The man smoking cigarettes begins talking to the homeless man about how life sucks and how he can relate to the homeless man."
    ],
    "v_0bjHe_5nACw": [
        "A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a violin and continues with her playing the violin and pausing.",
        " The woman continues playing the instrument and stopping to speak to the camera and demonstrate how to play."
    ],
    "v_0fw8it7Gj7k": [
        "A man is seen holding up a piece of wood and rubbing it down while speaking to the camera and spraying down polish.",
        " The man wipes down the polish with a rag while continuing to speak to the camera and holding up the piece of wood in the end."
    ],
    "v_0h45uztur-o": [
        "Wrapped presents are being shown lined up.",
        " A person is rolling out wrapping paper and using a ruler to hold it down.",
        " A box is set on top of the wrapping paper.",
        " The person begins wrapping the present.",
        " They are cutting the paper.",
        " They continue wrapping the present.",
        " They use tape to hold the paper on.",
        " They fold tissue paper to wrap around the middle of the box.",
        " They wrap curling ribbon around the box and tie it into a bow.",
        " The use the scissors to curl the ends of the bow.",
        " They stick a silver flower into the present."
    ],
    "v_0jBwj0bfZ3Y": [
        "A small ground of people are seen standing around a baseball field looking around to one another.",
        " Suddenly a few begin dancing around and one holds the ball in the middle."
    ],
    "v_0kykNR9FUWU": [
        "A girl gymnast in red sparkly leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar.",
        " She swiftly jumps and does handsprings and back flips on the horse bar.",
        " There is a panel of judges watching her in the stadium in Nanning, China.",
        " She continues to gracefully walk on the horse bar as she jumps and does a back flip right onto the ground and then walks away."
    ],
    "v_0p3JN4KJsUs": [
        "People practice ballet in a studio alone and in couples.",
        " Then, a boy and a girl dance ballet, then a man enter and dance with the girl.",
        " After, several couples dance ballet while other people observe."
    ],
    "v_0xxl3iG3VKY": [
        "An sportsman launch a javelin in a stadium.",
        " The javelin flies in the air and lands in the green track, then a man runs toward it.",
        " The sportsman walk raising his hands and clap his hands.",
        " A cameraman film the athlete.",
        " The gymnast launch a javelin in the stadium."
    ],
    "v_0ys4fnsu9Jc": [
        "A small child is seen standing on a trampoline and throwing a ball off into the distance.",
        " More kids are seen picking up balls and throwing them to the other side.",
        " More kids are seen throwing balls and playing dodgeball with one another."
    ],
    "v_0z7qHOca3D4": [
        "An introduction graphic is seen with title.",
        " A large empty beach is seen seen from the shore.",
        " A bird is seen walking along the shoreline.",
        " A group rides horses along the coast line together.",
        " Different species of flowers are seen.",
        " The group rides up along the bluffs.",
        " A female rider rides near the waters edge.",
        " The group rides through loose sand and the horses kick it up into the air.",
        " The group rides along a dune section and through some low vegetation.",
        " The group rides at a gallup through the water and along the beach.",
        " The riders ride slowly and then it becomes later in the day and the sun is getting low.",
        " The beach is seen from a distance as the sun has set."
    ],
    "v_0zXTrkgUj0U": [
        "A young child uses a toy vacuum cleaner on a wood floor.",
        "  The mom comes and helps the child."
    ],
    "v_1-nEQf-TJPE": [
        "A video of vodka being poured into a martini glass is shown.",
        " A woman stands behind a bar with bottles and ingredients.",
        " She mixes the alcohols into a glass, then shakes them up before decorating and displaying the drink."
    ],
    "v_12qgT1JASV4": [
        "Two people does kick box in a boxing ring on front a crowd, while the referee turns around the boxers.",
        " The referee fix the helmet of the boxer.",
        " A stick fly and lands on the boxing ring."
    ],
    "v_13hdhdieZuc": [
        "There's a woman with short brown hair doing  makeup tutorial.",
        " She begins by wearing a headband to keep her hair out of her face.",
        " Then she starts applying some foundation all over her face and blends it in.",
        " Then she takes an eyeliner and applies it with a brush under her eyes and on her eyelids.",
        " She then takes some powder compact and pats it on her face and spreads it evenly.",
        " Then with a brush she applies some eyeliner on her eyelids, followed by an eyeliner pencil which she uses on her eyelids and under her eyes.",
        " She takes a pair of eyelash curlers and curls her lashes and then applies some mascara with a brush.",
        " She finishes off the makeup with a lipstick that she puts on her upper and lower lips.",
        " Then she removes her headband and straightens her hair to finish off her look.",
        " She shows the before makeup and after makeup pictures to show the difference."
    ],
    "v_13vEnzRCKzo": [
        "A woman talks to the camera.",
        " The woman irons a piece of clothing on an ironing board.",
        " The woman flips the piece of clothing.",
        " The woman continues to iron the piece of clothing."
    ],
    "v_14dA-qLmNZo": [
        "A large group of people are seen riding along the water on boats.",
        " One person crashes into another and shows a person speaking to the camera.",
        " More clips are shown of the boats together and logos being shown."
    ],
    "v_18qVzfQ9VAs": [
        "A woman is standing while wearing a pair of black boots.",
        " Her boots begin to move and kick as she starts dancing.",
        " She moves side to side, kicking in and out.",
        " The woman is fully shown as she stops dancing and begins to speak to the camera."
    ],
    "v_1ATBCBUgflA": [
        "Various ingredients are laid out on a table and leads into a person pouring the ingredients into a bowl.",
        " The person stirs thoroughly and then wipes down a table with a cloth."
    ],
    "v_1AxGiLSmGZo": [
        "Several people are seen kite surfing along the water and one performing tricks.",
        " More people perform tricks and one fall off the side, immediately climbing back on."
    ],
    "v_1BfYAuxv6Wk": [
        "Maria is demonstrating how to make a Nyquil cocktail drink.",
        " She shows the ingredients required for the drink.",
        " She points to vodka, jagermeister and food coloring.",
        " She then takes a shaker and pours and vodka and the jagermeister.",
        " Then adds some ice in it and shakes it.",
        " She uses a strainer to strain the drink into a cocktail glass and places the glass on the table."
    ],
    "v_1ErQKcUju8o": [
        "A tutorial is presented on how to do simple ballet moves.",
        "  After showing the materials, the teacher touches the student to show perfect form."
    ],
    "v_1GXQLnTalcg": [
        "A video tutorial plays with a woman talking in the background about how to brush your teeth.",
        " She lists out the tools you need and steps to brush.",
        " A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it.",
        " He begins brushing his teeth following the woman's instructions.",
        " The man rinses his mouth out with water and smiles with the woman's voice."
    ],
    "v_1GzrcmQ5Pcc": [
        "People are running around playing dodge ball.",
        " A woman is holding a camera taking a picture.",
        " A woman in a blue shirt poses with a man for a picture."
    ],
    "v_1HWajOhmPVg": [
        "Various text is shown across the screen that leads into a man hosting a news segment.",
        " An athlete is then seen spinning around in circles and throwing an object off into the distance.",
        " More text is shown across the screen."
    ],
    "v_1JHqxhajh60": [
        "A hand is holding a shower head close to a dog.",
        " The dog moves around the bathtub as he tries to bite the water being splashed on him."
    ],
    "v_1OmzECVyIww": [
        "An athletic man is seen waving one arm up into the air and standing ready for a beam.",
        " The man then spins himself around the beam performing a gymnastics routine and ends with him jumping to the side and holding his arms up, smiling and waving to the crowd."
    ],
    "v_1SouLWwpbvU": [
        "Several people are in a small room dressed in work out clothes going up and and on the stair step.",
        "They then turn around and start to dance on the stair step and intensifying the workout.",
        "Midway through,the instructor gets off and walks around while the rest of the class continues.",
        "After,the grab the stair step,place it against the wall and come back to their spots for the remainder of the workout."
    ],
    "v_1Uur858vdY8": [
        "An athletic man is seen standing ready and begins running down a track and jumping into a pit.",
        " The man celebrates as his score is shown and his jump is shown again in slow motion."
    ],
    "v_1V0TqgcXSVk": [
        "A woman is standing in a room, surrounded by yoga gear.",
        " She then shows how to use a stepper to exercise, stepping on and off, side to side.",
        " She talks a little longer about the exercise."
    ],
    "v_1Xav7gMRCOQ": [
        "A man is standing inside a gym.",
        " He jumps on and off an exercise stepper, front to back and side to side.",
        " He spins as he climbs on and off."
    ],
    "v_1XicledQXng": [
        "A person is seen walking into frame in front of a large closet.",
        " The woman then lets her hair down along her back.",
        " She brushes her hair continuously and ends by walking out of frame."
    ],
    "v_1Z3mjpu1I2A": [
        "There's a little girl washing dishes and spoons in the kitchen sink.",
        " She uses a blue dish scrub and plenty of dish soap and washes the glass and spoons while keeping the tap running.",
        " She has her hands covered with soap foam as she washes the spoons and knives under the tap.",
        " She then washes a pizza cutter and spoon thoroughly with the soap and water."
    ],
    "v_1cccnJAK7TI": [
        "A guy is tattooing a lady's upper arm.",
        " The lady is in pain.",
        " The guy whips with a white paper towel."
    ],
    "v_1ezOsdHncXo": [
        "Drawings of hand soap bottles and humans are shown.",
        " A little girl is standing next to a white sink, she opened the faucet, wash her hand, rub her hand with soap, rinse her hand thoroughly, turned off the water and smiled at the camera."
    ],
    "v_1gradpCDbPU": [
        "A woman is seen bending over a sink with a small child next to her.",
        " The woman and child stick their hands under a sink to wash them off.",
        " The woman dries the girls hands in the end and shows her putting lotion on."
    ],
    "v_1hTqfvjis9E": [
        "A large man is standing on a circular dome in a field.",
        " He holds a steel ball on a rope as he talks.",
        " He then shows how to stand before swinging the ball around his head in circles.",
        " He lets go, and the ball flies far across the field as he walks away."
    ],
    "v_1o-Fx2dGfpc": [
        "A woman is sitting down holding a violin.",
        " She lifts the violin up and starts playing it.",
        " She finishes and lowers the violin."
    ],
    "v_1o9RGnujlkI": [
        "A girl is standing in a room taking out several arrows out of her pack and using her arrow to release them.",
        "She then moves around the gym,takes a deep breath and continues going.",
        "After she moves again,two carpets are shown hanging from the wall and she continues to aim at her target until all of her bows are gone."
    ],
    "v_1oaJBEdY6ao": [
        "A man driving a moving tractor steps around and looks towards the front.",
        " He begins moving again on the machine cutting the grass and steering the instrument.",
        " A man on a bike looks onward and laughs and the man eventually steps off."
    ],
    "v_1opIvQF0m_M": [
        "A person on a skateboard moves over and ramp and up on a corner.",
        " The camera shows him doing various moves and interviewing the camera.",
        " Another man rides a wakeboard doing and tricks and eventually falls.",
        " Several other clips are shown of people kayaking doing several stunts while the camera records."
    ],
    "v_1pOmOTz-bzk": [
        "A person is seen riding along the water in a kayak.",
        " The person uses a paddle to push themselves around the water while looking off into the distance.",
        " The person continues riding around flipping in the water and moving away from the camera."
    ],
    "v_1p_HYu0EZAk": [
        "A camera pans over a sink full of dishes followed by a woman jogging over.",
        " She dances with the dishes and looks into the camera while she does them.",
        " A timer counts down how many dishes she's washed and she smiles to the camera."
    ],
    "v_1sA-lEbrgak": [
        "A close up of a score board is shown followed by a man lifting a heavy set of weights.",
        " The man lifts it over his head and his score his shown afterwards.",
        " He does this several more times."
    ],
    "v_1xcFq3SkTKk": [
        "A large crowd of girls walk into frame holding bars then put the bars down on the ground.",
        " The girls then perform a dance routine moving the bars all around and end with them holding a pose and walking off stage."
    ],
    "v_20i6YGSnt-c": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins shaving off his facial hair.",
        " The man continues shaving and shows off his before and after pictures."
    ],
    "v_21krmbuT21s": [
        "Two gymasts are performing in front of a crowd.",
        " One is spinning constantly on a beam.",
        " The man in red mounts and begins to spin, performing several tricks.",
        " The man dismounts, and puts one victorious arm up into the air."
    ],
    "v_27Pg4wHah2I": [
        "A man is seated at a piano, looking confused as he plays and an elderly woman watches.",
        " He speeds his playing as she stands.",
        " The audience looks perplexed and amused, dancing in place.",
        " The people get up and dance to the music.",
        " He then walks away with his arm in a woman's."
    ],
    "v_27e4y89XeyI": [
        "An older black male is standing in the kitchen ironing a dark grey t-shirt.",
        "The man then pauses his ironing and looks at the person who is filming him and continues to put on his shirt."
    ],
    "v_29kX1NaPGP0": [
        "An older man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a tennis ball and racket in his hand.",
        " He moves the racket and ball up to demonstrate how to properly serve the ball, followed by him actually serving the ball in slow motion.",
        " The same shot is shown several more times to demonstrate how to properly perform this serve."
    ],
    "v_2DCeEAz8iO8": [
        "A camera pans around a person riding around on a horse.",
        " The person continues riding around the area and pauses to speak to the woman while she laughs and speaks to the camera."
    ],
    "v_2Dlfwnvz76Q": [
        "A woman is sitting at a desk.",
        " A man sitting in front of her is playing a harmonica.",
        " The woman is playing with her hair."
    ],
    "v_2EQMXueAmCA": [
        "Two men play squash on an indoor court.",
        " The left man in the white shirt misses the ball and the start over.",
        " We see the man in the gray shirt miss the ball land stands up and pumps his fist while looking disappointed."
    ],
    "v_2ESPauwYUnQ": [
        "A young boy arranges a shirt on the floor.",
        " He grabs and iron and irons the shirt.",
        " He places the iron down and looks around the room."
    ],
    "v_2FRzNpVz6f8": [
        "A bunch of teammates are riding horses on the field.",
        " They are playing a game of polo.",
        " The people run on their horses, trying to hit the ball."
    ],
    "v_2GSSuYAWFc8": [
        "Several pieces of belly button jewelry are shown.",
        " This is followed by a man disinfecting a woman's belly button.",
        " He then inserts a piercing using a clamp and a rod.",
        " The woman watches as the final studs are in place."
    ],
    "v_2Is_nJdG2to": [
        "A woman brush the hair of a girl while talking sitting on a bed.",
        " Then, the woman kneel on the bed and touch the shoulders of the girl."
    ],
    "v_2KsL5MBiZcc": [
        "A small group of people are seen standing around a field with a ref speaking to the people.",
        " The players then begin a match of lacrosse with one another and run up and down the field playing."
    ],
    "v_2L9pp85KvbQ": [
        "A man has a hookah in his mouth and he is inhaling smoke for a while.",
        " He takes the hookah out of his mouth and exhales letting out a bunch of smoke.",
        " I think he is trying to make O's with the smoke but he doesn't know how.",
        " He keeps inhaling and continues to try blowing out the smoke."
    ],
    "v_2NAbdlHXcTI": [
        "A man does a disk throw.",
        " He spins around and throws the disk."
    ],
    "v_2NITA0d4vqo": [
        "Two men play pingpong using different tricks.",
        " A man shows off a camera box, and the ping pong player uses it.",
        " The box busts open so the player uses a camera part to play.",
        " He uses a battery to hit back, and then uses a different tool.",
        " Various strange objects are used to play the game.",
        " The man breaks an egg with the ball.",
        " More strange items including a bat, watch and candy bar are used.",
        " The man is filmed uploading the video to YouTube."
    ],
    "v_2OPk79DNQdM": [
        "A young woman is seen speaking to the camera and transitions into her with her hair in front of her face.",
        " She slowly brushes and parts her hair and flips her hair back in the end."
    ],
    "v_2Peh_gdQCjg": [
        "Descriptive text is shown against a red movie curtain backdrop.",
        " A coach shows different leg stances to a student for playing badminton.",
        " The coach returns serves from the student using the racket during a practice drill.",
        " The students returns serves from the instructor for a practice drill."
    ],
    "v_2Q0WGQbJbso": [
        "A person plays a violin in front of a huge crowd of people.",
        "  The people give him a standing ovation at the end."
    ],
    "v_2QeU2xYPdWE": [
        "A woman prepares for a shot put throw swinging her arms on a sporting field.",
        " The athlete winds back her shoulders than spins her body throwing a shot put."
    ],
    "v_2UjVfKEcj4g": [
        "A man is holding two extremely dirty high heeled women's shoes.",
        " He uses a ruler to scrape off the dried dirt.",
        " He then uses a brush to polish up the suede material before spraying a white substance onto the shoe.",
        " He scrapes it clean, then applies a new sole and spike to the heel.",
        " He shows off the renovator can."
    ],
    "v_2VvCuSFicyA": [
        "A person is seen riding on a bicycle down a street with a dog tied next to him.",
        " The camera is shown in various angles the man riding the bike with the dog.",
        " The man continues riding around with the dog."
    ],
    "v_2WwWzzO6rZQ": [
        "A female gymnast jumps onto a balance beam and do many tricks and flips and lands back on her feet.",
        "the gymnast does two nice back flips back to back while keeping her balance and landing prefect on her feet.",
        "finally the female gymnast finishes with a high twice flip off the balance beam in the air and lands on the mat prefect."
    ],
    "v_2YSsqivrvR4": [
        "A person is seen sitting on the edge of a bed carrying a guitar.",
        " The person begins playing the guitar while looking over to the camera.",
        " The man continues playing and stops moving his hand out of frame."
    ],
    "v_2YeImloBCA8": [
        "We see people working out on exercise steps in an aerobics class.",
        " The leader puts her hand in the air.",
        " The lady in back left gets lost and stops.",
        " Rear right gets lost and throws out her arms.",
        " The instructors arm is in the air again.",
        " The lady second on right stops trying."
    ],
    "v_2_tzemKY72E": [
        "A female gymnast is shown in a photograph.",
        " She is then shown preparing and then mounting a high beam.",
        " She flips and turns on the beam, changing between two beams.",
        " She dismounts, throwing her arms into the air triumphantly."
    ],
    "v_2bEr09bbqAA": [
        "A man sits in a kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly.",
        " The man leans back in his kayak to show balance techniques.",
        " The kayak rider paddles into the white wash below a water fall and flips over then rights himself again."
    ],
    "v_2gc7pCOg-NE": [
        "A person is walking around a tennis court.",
        " Another man appears swinging around a tennis racket.",
        " He bounces a tennis ball on the floor while the other man walks into frame.",
        " They talk for a bit while walking around and preparing to play.",
        " The man run back and fourth and hit the ball off the wall to each other."
    ],
    "v_2j-DRUk2yCs": [
        "A close up is shown of an image on a cell phone.",
        " A male gymnast runs, flipping back and forth across a mat.",
        " He is then shown flipping far into the air before standing before the cheering crowd."
    ],
    "v_2vy0dMXhlWI": [
        "An older man is shown chopping at a downed tree with an axe.",
        " he is trying very hard and not making much progress.",
        " He seems to be frustrated and is trying again and again to chop of the tree.",
        " He then looks at the camera and slightly smirks before continuing trying to cut the tree up.",
        " He stops again and stares at the camera.",
        " A closeup is shown of him trying again and again before zooming out.",
        " The camera then zooms back in to his face as he continues on."
    ],
    "v_2wUKu5UIHmI": [
        "The camera captures a close up of an older woman putting makeup on and smacking her lips to the camera.",
        " She then puts mascara on as well as more lipstick and nods her head back and fourth smiling."
    ],
    "v_2xQVZorob1Q": [
        "An individual shovels snow, but only the lower legs and shovel are visible on camera.",
        " The individual sets aside the shovel and walks towards the camera.",
        " The camera once again shows the individual shoveling."
    ],
    "v_2zQk4ZEfzf4": [
        "A man is seen standing in a sand pit and begins spinning around and throwing the object.",
        " The man is shown several times spinning around and throwing the object off into the distance."
    ],
    "v_30y8Uy0B_uk": [
        "A man is hanging on a rock wall and talking to the camera.",
        " The man swings back and fourth and how to keep your balance when rock climbing.",
        " He begins climbing up the wall and talking about keeping straight arms.",
        " He continues climbing up the wall and where to position your feet and how to push.",
        " He finally makes it to the top of the rock wall and faces the camera."
    ],
    "v_32-Bxdbf3mQ": [
        "A man in a red shirt drives an orange tractor around the lawn.",
        " A dog runs around the yard.",
        " A woman drives the orange tractor."
    ],
    "v_32EWNGHBctI": [
        "A professional tennis match is played during a tournament.",
        " The players talk on headsets during the match.",
        " A man prepares to serve the ball to start the match.",
        " The man serves the ball and scores a point.",
        " The opposing team has a turn to serve the ball."
    ],
    "v_34eCEU2Y4T0": [
        "A woman demonstrates, on a toy baby,  how to swaddle a baby and wash a baby\u2019s face using cotton balls and wet towels.",
        " A woman stands in front of a toy baby and talks to the camera.",
        "  The woman swaddles the baby in a white blanket and then begins to apply water soaked cotton balls, from a nearby water filled container,  to the baby\u2019s eyes and nose and face.",
        "  The woman finishes and talks to the camera again."
    ],
    "v_35Xzs3Bz1hQ": [
        "A working man carried a tray of coffee to a table with guest.",
        " Another man is talking to some reporters with the microphone.",
        " Another entrepreneur talks with the the reporters about the coffee business.",
        " Then they are in the coffee shop them making coffee and working around."
    ],
    "v_36lphp9tnMk": [
        "A man is standing outside drinking beer.",
        " People are standing around watching him.",
        " He sets the beer glass down on a table."
    ],
    "v_38nAdby_fTw": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " A person rides a dirt bike over a hill or dirt pile with help from an incline structure.",
        " A person stands, shakes their head and leaves on a dirt bike.",
        " Two guys sit on their dirt bike and discuss.",
        " One guy uses his rear tire to cause dirt to spray.",
        " The credits of the video are shown."
    ],
    "v_39FIjDeot-s": [
        "a lot of kids ar standing ni a basket court doing boxing movements.",
        " little girls are standing in the middle of a court practicing boxing.",
        " people are sitting on chairs in a wooden court."
    ],
    "v_3A26j50_awY": [
        "We see a track with people standing around.",
        " We see a man with a javelin run.",
        " The man returns and we see another javelin thrower with him.",
        " A man in red and white runs down a track and performs a high jump.",
        " The camera is lowered and covered by a hand."
    ],
    "v_3AWvyAJv20g": [
        "A woman folds towels on an ironing board at home.",
        " Different clothing items are seen such as shirts, socks, and ties.",
        " The woman adds a tag to a piece of clothing and irons it in place.",
        " The tag is shown close up."
    ],
    "v_3ArMGKnxlcU": [
        "People are canoeing down a river of water.",
        " They are going around poles in the water.",
        " They go under a bridge."
    ],
    "v_3C4Nry679BA": [
        "A woman places vegetable leaves in a bow.",
        " The camera pans right to show a man standing beside the woman.",
        " The man slices a cucumber on a plate."
    ],
    "v_3Edxa-t4MxA": [
        "Various shots of trophies are shown with girls interviewing the camera as well as performing gymnastics moves.",
        " An instructor then shows the girls how to perform a stunt properly and has another girl climb on top of their hands.",
        " The girl continuously perform stunts with the instructors help and another girl is shown speaking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_3G3Zear4vog": [
        "Two girls are seen moving quickly around the room while switching places and looking into a camera.",
        " The younger girl laughs to the camera while putting on makeup and the other moves around quick."
    ],
    "v_3H7ZS0E90pY": [
        "A girl jumps onto a balance beam.",
        " She does a gymnastic routine on the balance beam.",
        " She jumps off the beam and lands on the mat with her hands up.",
        " A woman in a blue shirt comes over and hugs her."
    ],
    "v_3HHAEmr0Q34": [
        "A man is seen standing on a court holding down a tennis racket.",
        " The man then bounces the racket down and hits the tennis ball balancing on top.",
        " His hit is shown again in slow motion."
    ],
    "v_3HUoSa_3vpc": [
        "We see a bartender behind a bar add ice to a glass.",
        " The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up.",
        " The man pours it in a glass and adds soda.",
        " The man squeezes a lemon, stirs in the glass and transfers it to a smaller glass.",
        " The man adds a straw and presents the glass to us."
    ],
    "v_3Hgwyprv8u4": [
        "A camera pans all around a vacuum close up and shows a person's feet.",
        " The person walks around with the vacuum and pushes it along a rug.",
        " More shots are shown of the person using the attachments on the camera as well as showing how it's made."
    ],
    "v_3I6LMFdA2lc": [
        "A baby is shown laying in bed while a comb gently brushes it's hair.",
        " The baby eventually smiling while the hand continues to brush the baby's head.",
        " The baby gently closes it's eyes and yawns while the brush continues to comb."
    ],
    "v_3JNNjd9fv7U": [
        "A woman is seen kneeling down next to a vacuum followed by several pictures of her vacuuming and moving around the carpet.",
        " More pictures are shown of the carpet as well as her kneeling down and she empties out a vacuum while still speaking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_3K62qZ2hGyw": [
        "We see the title screen for Howcast.",
        " A lady is standing in a white room talking to the camera.",
        " The lady shows us how to belly dance by dancing.",
        " She shifts to her right then back and lifts her hips while belly dancing.",
        " The lady shows how to lift your hips one at a time.",
        " She pats her head and shakes her hips faster.",
        " The lady shakes her hips faster and waves her arms over her head.",
        " She stops dancing and stands still.",
        " The ending credits load on the screen."
    ],
    "v_3N1tbv5Z6Kk": [
        "A man in tuxedo and woman in party dress dance the tango in a ballroom surrounded by crowd in chairs during performance.",
        " The crowd cheers at the end and claps hands."
    ],
    "v_3NSikmqK3Ys": [
        "man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts a toilet lid in the black leathe seat.",
        " the man is driving the motorbike thorugh the street and a dog is running next to him.",
        " the man opens the motorbike trunk and close it."
    ],
    "v_3SL_Au0H0cw": [
        "man is wearing a black kimono and isdoing yoga movements.",
        " man is standing in a large green grassy field.",
        " man is slowly walking practicing boxing movements."
    ],
    "v_3S_aifr5rG4": [
        "These horses are walking in a grassy area by themselves and then a woman is shown brushing the horse's hair.",
        " The camera zooms in to shows the horse' nose and then the woman climbs onto the horse's saddle to ride it somewhere.",
        " Then two other people are hsown riding the horse's in different settings."
    ],
    "v_3TbZ7uSYUe8": [
        "A group of men are standing on a diving board and they take terms jumping off of the diving board.",
        "As the last person jumps off the board,a group of men are shown walking across the pool."
    ],
    "v_3UOWHwwxczI": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him climbing along a wall.",
        " The man continues climbing along the rock wall and ends by looking back to the camera."
    ],
    "v_3Vj0GcB_qh4": [
        "Two young girls stand in front of a fireplace holding violins.",
        "  The girls begin playing a piece of music on the violins and then bow at the end.",
        " Two younger children appear outdoors with a website address overlaid."
    ],
    "v_3VzXH3o88mw": [
        "A person is seen mixing various ingredients into a blender as well as rolling rough up into a ball and speaking to the camera.",
        " The man speaks to other chefs and instructs them on how to roll a ball of rough.",
        " He then puts the dough in a machine to make spaghetti and then puts them in a plate to present."
    ],
    "v_3YiGMRp-7B4": [
        "A group of people are standing in a parking lot.",
        " The people move in several martial arts techniques.",
        " They kick and punch back and forth."
    ],
    "v_3boxQwSpv-8": [
        "A little girl smiles and talks to the camera.",
        " She and other children are then shown washing their hands at sinks.",
        " They talk about singing the birthday song or counting to know how long they should wash their hands."
    ],
    "v_3ddoLUFrGsE": [
        "A woman and a boy are making victory sign and smiling.",
        " The woman is putting make up to the boy's face, and then the boy shows his face.",
        " Then, the woman put make on a girl face.",
        " The boy and the girl look their faces on a mirror making funny faces and waving."
    ],
    "v_3fAVDJyrSQs": [
        "People are standing around a camp site chopping wood.",
        " A boy stands holding a stick.",
        " A man throws pieces of wood into a pile.",
        " Chairs at the camp site are shown.",
        " A man walks towards the camera talking.",
        " They continue chopping wood at the camp site."
    ],
    "v_3gQsAKZ71tU": [
        "A man stands on a court.",
        " He hits a ball with a racket.",
        " Several different athletes are shown hitting balls.",
        " Some of them cheer at the end."
    ],
    "v_3gc3nddr8TE": [
        "A small group of girls are seen huddled up and begin moving around the field.",
        " More women are seen running around the large field playing field hockey.",
        "  The girls continue to play against one another and end by waling away."
    ],
    "v_3gsF785TAmg": [
        "A game of volleyball is being played between blue and yellow team.",
        " The yellow team servies the ball and it is hit continually back and forth until the yellow team scores a point.",
        " A player on the yellow team falls and the players on each team assist her.",
        " They take her shoe and sock off and massage her leg.",
        " Two people proceed to pick her up with the help of a third and take her off the court and lay her down to the side to continue care."
    ],
    "v_3hp7kPpZDhs": [
        "On a track, a runner gets ready to perform.",
        " He runs and skips along the way, jumping high at the end.",
        " He walks along the track after being finished.",
        " The man runs and jumps again.",
        " The runner talks to someone."
    ],
    "v_3j52keiQuiw": [
        "A gymnast mounts a low beam in front of a crowd.",
        " She does bends, handsprings, and forward and back flips on the beam.",
        " She dismounts proudly, lifting her arms into the air."
    ],
    "v_3jEnu5mEYA4": [
        "Food sizzling in hot oil in a black skillet on the stove, a long stemmed spoon sits in the skillet.",
        " Onions are added to the skillet.",
        " the skillet is stirred and the spoon removed.",
        " Salt is added and stirred in.",
        " The skillet gently sizzles as the mix cooks.",
        " Spices are added to the skillet.",
        " The flame is visible as the skillet sizzles more vigorously, the skillet is stirred and the food is browning.",
        " 4 eggs are broken into the skillet.",
        " The mixture is stirred and left to cook.",
        " Pasta is poured and stirred in to the mixture from a sieve.",
        " It is left to cook more.",
        " It is now plated and fresh herbs are sprinkled on top."
    ],
    "v_3kcGcDv0NOw": [
        "An athletic man is seen spinning in circles and throwing a discuss long across a field.",
        " He steps up and throws several more balls in a circle while in the end wiping sweat off his face with his shirt."
    ],
    "v_3l7quTy4c2s": [
        "A cheerleader girl stands in the grass.",
        " A young man wearing baseball hat greats her with a pie tin and jokes with her.",
        " The man pushes a pie tin in the girls face as a joke getting her very messy.",
        " A girl in gymnastics class does tumbling down a red mat with team looking on.",
        " A woman cheerleader boxes with a mascot during a football game.",
        " The mascot engulfs the girl and pulls her into his uniform.",
        " A cheer leading group comes together in a circle holding hands and flip team members when one falls to the ground.",
        " A group of cheerleaders in black to back flips on a track of football field.",
        " A group of girls hoist up[ a teammate to do a human pyramid.",
        " The teammate falls to the ground and lands on top of others.",
        " A man in Hawaiian shirt sets up a trampoline during a basketball competition.",
        " A group of cheerleaders hold up a woman together in front of the trampoline.",
        " The man comes back running and jumps on the trampoline but knocks the girl over while performing his stunt.",
        " A group of cheerleaders in red do somersaults on the field when one falls down.",
        " A cheerleader girl in black does a back hand spring and falls to the ground.",
        " A group of cheerleaders dance together with pom poms.",
        " Another group of cheerleaders in the background lift up teammates when one falls over.",
        " A group of cheerleaders in blue lift up teammates in competition when one falls to the ground.",
        " A girl in white shirt talks to the camera.",
        " the girl does a summersault but falls to the ground.",
        " A girl in green shirt with friends does a high kick on a field but falls to the ground.",
        " A cheerleader falls to the ground while dancing with group.",
        " A cheerleader is lifted up into the hands of team when she falls to the ground.",
        " A group of cheerleaders in yellow lift temmate in a pyramid but drop her.",
        " A group of women jump from a trampoline and do slam dunks during basketball competition.",
        " One girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat.",
        " Men from the basketball team rush over to check on her."
    ],
    "v_3lla2AaJgNA": [
        "A woman is using an iron on a board.",
        " She is showing how to iron baby clothes.",
        " She flips the clothing, buttoning it up as she goes."
    ],
    "v_3mlxwa9Ve5I": [
        "A man looks around and grabs his face.",
        " He places a towel over his face.",
        " The man showcases a shaving unit and a balm.",
        " He shows a bowl and swivels the shaving brush around it.",
        " The man places shaving cream all over his face with the use of his shaving brush.",
        " He takes a razor and shaves.",
        " He grabs the bowl again and swivels the shaving brush around the inside.",
        " He smothers shaving cream over his face face.",
        " He shaves his face once more.",
        " He splashes his face and dries it with a purple towel.",
        " He rubs an oil over his face and excitedly shows off his muscles."
    ],
    "v_3mymOHc5-Gs": [
        "A man shows a boot and shining tools.",
        " Then, the man cleans the shoe with a cloth.",
        " After, the man points the tip of the shoe and applies black paint and shows insoles .",
        " Then, the man polish the shoes using a cream, after spray the shoes."
    ],
    "v_3oJ62-Ce9ys": [
        "A hand is seen putting weights on a bar and leads into a person lifting weights on their shoulders and walking.",
        " The person sets the weights down and walks back with the weights lunging."
    ],
    "v_3osNjmYjTGg": [
        "A man pole vaults over a rope on a track of a sporting field.",
        " The man just barely makes his body over the rope."
    ],
    "v_3pBldeB3uaE": [
        "A large group of people are seen standing around a pool as well as people writing on paper and speaking to one another.",
        " More people are seen diving on a board and jumping off onto the side.",
        " Several people are seen watching on the side as the kids continue to dive."
    ],
    "v_3sL7fLHM09c": [
        "A female gymnast is demonstrating a gymnastics performance on bars.",
        " Other gymnasts and an instructor are watching the female gymnast perform.",
        " Another female gymnast is practicing in the background."
    ],
    "v_3w5xIOwFUXU": [
        "A small group of people are seen standing around table speaking and laughing to one another.",
        " Two men then drink out of ice containers and lead into more people drinking out of the containers.",
        " One team finishes before the other and everyone celebrates."
    ],
    "v_3zDw5mwGIW0": [
        "A person pours different colors of paint on a surface.",
        " Then, the woman paints flowers on the headboard of a bed."
    ],
    "v_4-rJZdNgMX8": [
        "The logo \"theksiny on skin\" and \"The #1 Way to Not Get a Cold or Flu\" is shown on screen.",
        " Dr Lisa Kellett speaks to the camera in a medical exam room next to a sink.",
        " The doctor demonstrates the steps to washing hands like doctors do.",
        " The logo and website address appears on screen again."
    ],
    "v_41xqneu4_RA": [
        "A man is inside a room in a house.",
        " He is using a racquet to hit a tennis ball back and forth against a wall.",
        " He continues hitting the ball until he is finished playing the game."
    ],
    "v_43hQNmW-6_k": [
        "A man is doing the splits inside a gym.",
        " He talks to the camera about the procedure.",
        " He leans forward, stretching his legs."
    ],
    "v_44htu_ovvLs": [
        "A woman is seen looking off into the distance followed by shots of her riding a horse and looking off into the distance.",
        " The woman continues riding around on the horse and ends with her walking away and waving to the camera."
    ],
    "v_4A49mkP6HsM": [
        "There is a group of Korean Pop singers performing on a stage.",
        " One of the singers is playing the violin while the audience cheers and claps for him.",
        " Then another singer grabs the mic and talks to the audience.",
        " The audience applaud and smile as they watch.",
        " The performer sings as he plays the violin and then bows down in front of the audience.",
        " The crowd cheers and claps for him."
    ],
    "v_4DCxc6mO864": [
        "A girl is standing in the back of a room that has paper air ballon, and she begins to dance moving her legs back and forth and slightly moving her arms.",
        " The girl then picks it up and begins to move more of her arms along with her legs and dances in a small area in the room while facing the camera.",
        "The girl then turns to her side and we see her dancing from the side, she turns to face the back and dances a bit that way, then turns again and again until we've seen her dance in all different directions."
    ],
    "v_4DmsWE6byuw": [
        "A man is walking in circles in the center of a crowd.",
        " He begins to break dance.",
        " Several clips of men break dancing in different venues are shown, as they flip, spin, and perform for crowds."
    ],
    "v_4E8rMLHIpag": [
        "A man in a black hat is talking to the camera.",
        " He starts playing a violin on his shoulder.",
        " He stops playing and puts the violin down to his side."
    ],
    "v_4EQYvkfMUWw": [
        "A teen holds a violin and then plays on front of other teens that talk and laugh.",
        " Teens talk and make comments and a woman laugh.",
        " Then people in the room applauds."
    ],
    "v_4Fxj9ObTMw8": [
        "A girl leans over a sink, and a boy walks up to talk to her.",
        " She starts laughing and jumping up and down.",
        " The boy seems equally excited, and she smiles at the camera."
    ],
    "v_4Gs7Xyn16QI": [
        "A woman walks, then runs with a javelin.",
        " She throws it across the field, landing near her goal.",
        " A few other teammates also perform the act, then we see the final scoreboard."
    ],
    "v_4HC2-Unzuu4": [
        "A woman is talking to the camera surrounded by alcohol bottles.",
        " The woman begins pouring different alcohols and lemon juice into a glass of ice.",
        " The woman shakes the drink mixture and strains it into another glass.",
        " The woman puts a small straw into the drink and holds it up and smiles."
    ],
    "v_4L0mci9CTPg": [
        "A couple dances on a ballroom floor with people seated at tables nearby.",
        " People nearby take photos of the couple.",
        " The couple finishes and leaves the dance floor."
    ],
    "v_4MKbQ816r9A": [
        "A tall thin male is standing in a bar surrounded by liquor.",
        "The male has a cup of ice in front of him that he pours into a regular glass that he then adds liquor into.",
        "Followed by two more shots of different clear liquors.",
        "He then takes two syrup like liquor and pour them in the cup.",
        "Once everything is in the glass,he puts the mixer on top of it and shakes it up.",
        "Finally,the drink is complete and he pours it into another glass and adds a straw for it to be served."
    ],
    "v_4P0zJEfqCoM": [
        "A woman gets her eyebrow clamped.",
        " A person pushes a needle through her eyebrow.",
        " They twist an earring into the eyebrow.",
        " They clean around the earring with a qtip."
    ],
    "v_4R5KDUqBPcU": [
        "There's a man wearing a black athletic suit in a shot put field practicing shot put.",
        " He begins by taking the ball in his hand and holding it against his neck.",
        " Then he spins around and throws the ball far ahead."
    ],
    "v_4U13LEMIdi4": [
        "A cat is sitting in a cat bed.",
        " It is licking its paw.",
        " It then wipes its paw on its ear."
    ],
    "v_4X8raZBOzvM": [
        "Two old bagpipe players play towards each other.",
        "  One bagpipe player turns.",
        "  The bagpipe players finish playing.",
        "  The crowd claps for the players."
    ],
    "v_4XX5rcqpOXA": [
        "A person is seen sitting at a table followed by two people dancing with one another and others sitting around watch.",
        " The people continue dancing around one another and end by stopping and having other two dancing beside them."
    ],
    "v_4ZyPBOe4P0U": [
        "A man in a tan shirt is talking.",
        " He sets his tennis racket down on the ground.",
        " Another man runs around on a tennis court."
    ],
    "v_4_yy5vswBn4": [
        "A man is sitting at a table.",
        " A woman steps onto the table and falls into his arms.",
        " She does a back flip off of him onto the floor.",
        " They begin dancing on the dance floor."
    ],
    "v_4avZ79LB5n4": [
        "At an outdoor poor facility people are in the pool and others are outside standing by.",
        " There are two boys on the diving board preparing to jump down.",
        " They get in a unique position and then simultaneously dive in together.",
        " They make a huge splash as they land inside the water."
    ],
    "v_4dyn1oKJO34": [
        "Various clips are shown of people playing lacrosse followed by a man holding the stick and speaking to the camera.",
        " He moves the stick all around demonstrating how to properly play."
    ],
    "v_4hmJfJo6UI8": [
        "A female athlete runs quickly down a track.",
        " She plows into the sand before getting up and walking away.",
        " The scene is repeated three times before ending with her cheering and clapping."
    ],
    "v_4kriQ6h6ymI": [
        "A graphic shows and then photos follow of a girl growing up with horseback riding.",
        " Three years after those photos the girl moves and she is shown riding horses.",
        " The girl is shown with other girls posing with some awards for horseback riding.",
        " Another video is shown of the girl riding the horse indoors.",
        " Photos of the girl taking care of her horses close out the video."
    ],
    "v_4o1k3KUHz6E": [
        "A flag waves on a pole in a field.",
        " We see a mascot roll a ball to home plate and fall when its kicked back and hits him.",
        " We then see the mascot kick the ball and run a home run.",
        " The mascot runs and catches a ball in the field.",
        " The mascot high fives a line of people and chest bumps the last man knocking him over."
    ],
    "v_4qstg-tiRvQ": [
        "Cheerleaders stand in a gym in the group.",
        " the girls then perform a routine.",
        " The girls break into three groups and the two on the sides kneel while the middle group squats.",
        " They kneel and throw their hands in the air at the finish."
    ],
    "v_4rmo35vpG00": [
        "A woman and girl are trying to get a dog into a shower.",
        " The dog keeps jumping back out.",
        " They finally give the dog a bath outdoors with a hose."
    ],
    "v_4rv1uLmbyHA": [
        "Two news anchors are talking in a room.",
        " A man is making food in a kitchen.",
        " He cooks mushrooms in a pan.",
        " He adds the food into a bowl."
    ],
    "v_4uitkT3dDIM": [
        "General technique is shown for throwing javelins.",
        "  He then shows how to do it with crossovers."
    ],
    "v_4vdclFJFrdk": [
        "A woman practices floor gymnastics while others engage in various activities in the background.",
        " A second woman practices floor gymnastics.",
        " The two women are shown performing the same action in turn.",
        " The first woman is shown practicing more floor gymnastics, with occasional slow motion replays of her action.",
        " The second woman is shown performing some sort of pose.",
        " The first woman is shown performing gymnastics once again.",
        " The second woman is shown stretching her leg in the air.",
        " The first woman is shown performing gymnastics once more.",
        " The second woman is shown in some sort of pose once again.",
        " The first woman is shown performing gymnastics yet again."
    ],
    "v_4w3QwJdzwsE": [
        "A large boat with a wind sail on it is seen riding along a big storm with people on board.",
        " The boat tips over at one point when another boat comes by and falls over as well."
    ],
    "v_4wIqgWw53XE": [
        "People sail on sailboards in the ocean.",
        " A man sails on a sailboard passing on front other sailors.",
        " A plane fly above the beach where people sail.",
        " A woman takes picture of the city from a hill."
    ],
    "v_4xmQoAK3QNc": [
        "A man hits a ball with a bat.",
        " Three men stand on a field.",
        " One man throws a ball on the field.",
        " Three men flip a coin."
    ],
    "v_4zFiORtQrlA": [
        "A man in polo shirt stands with a bike on a rack and demonstrates it's different features in a bike shop.",
        " The man takes out a tool and makes an adjustment to the wheel sprocket then turns the wheel before adjusting more.",
        " The man adjusts a shifter on the handlebars."
    ],
    "v_50oy8wP2Wo8": [
        "We see an opening screen then a sitting lady.",
        " We see a person cutting the ladies long hair with a level.",
        " The person then brushes her blunt hair.",
        " The lady turns around and smiles.",
        " We see a before and after.",
        " We then see scenes of people using the tool.",
        " We see the tool in white and blue.",
        " The closing screen is seen."
    ],
    "v_517rgTzIobE": [
        "Two men are playing racket ball in an indoor court.",
        " The two men, one in black and the other in a red shirt playing racket ball against each other.",
        " The man in black begins the first serve and the man in the red shirt returns his serve.",
        " They continue playing racket ball.",
        " Then the same players play racket ball on a different occasion wearing black and the other wearing a yellow shirt.",
        " They continue serving and hitting the ball against the wall.",
        " They play several rounds on the game.",
        " They are back again in the red and black shirts playing racket ball.",
        " They run to hit and the ball served by the opponent as they continue to play."
    ],
    "v_51XRujaBAbE": [
        "Children sit on motorcycles and parents are next to them.",
        " A man carry a child, a woman applaud and a man takes pictures.",
        " A toddler stands on the hay and grabs the leg of a woman.",
        " Then, men push the motorcycles with the children while a man takes notes.",
        " Then, the children line on the start line and then run."
    ],
    "v_53dqgEMV5e4": [
        "A woman pours ice into a glass.",
        " She puts shots of alcohol into the glass.",
        " She shakes it and pours it into another glass.",
        " She puts a straw in it and holds it up."
    ],
    "v_54VcTlhF2H8": [
        "man is standing on a race track ready to make gymnastics in parallels in the midle of a stadium.",
        " a lot of people are sitting or walking on stands.",
        " the man lands in the floor, greets and people applauds."
    ],
    "v_55ziFpzx5oc": [
        "Four young women and a man are on the stage, while one girl is playing the guitar.",
        " The lady in yellow began singing, then the lady in pink shirt.",
        " When the girls are finished singing the crowd cheered."
    ],
    "v_56sQMnSUWaI": [
        "A black woman does a routine on the balance beam.",
        "  She spins, jumps, twirls, and flips.",
        "  She falls off, finishes her routine, and them dismounts to a clapping audience."
    ],
    "v_57cM1GcKktw": [
        "A heavy man in a blue shirt is playing the bag pipes.",
        "  He blows into the pipe while making the notes with his fingers.",
        "  He slightly dances as he plays.",
        " He adjusts the bag pipe and continues to play.",
        "  He finishes his song and reaches to turn off the camera."
    ],
    "v_59nQKYriHQc": [
        "A woman is seen kneeling down on the floor speaking to the camera while a dog lays next to her.",
        " The woman is then seen running soap and water all over a dog in the sink and ending by cleaning him off and watching him run around and be excited."
    ],
    "v_5BVcwR8hEo0": [
        "A boy serves a tennis ball.",
        " He then serves two more.",
        " The boy turns and walks away."
    ],
    "v_5BuDj1xkpiI": [
        "We see a bottle of face wash.",
        " We see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face.",
        " They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush.",
        " We see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.",
        " We see the ending credits."
    ],
    "v_5Fq-ln3yC38": [
        "A man pours a liquid onto a table.",
        " With the use of a paintbrush, he covers the table with the liquid.",
        " He removes varnish from the top of the table.",
        " Afterwards, he does a light sanding of the table.",
        " With a tack rug, he removes the dust.",
        " Wearing gloves, he applies a stain to the table.",
        " Finally, he polishes the table and shows off his end result."
    ],
    "v_5HCYb6qfkdk": [
        "A person opens a door and walks inside a kitchen.",
        " A woman sits on a kitchen counter shaving her legs in a sink."
    ],
    "v_5HEunlL4nF0": [
        "A young woman is seen walking into frame hitting a ball around a room.",
        " The girl walks around the room back and fourth while holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball.",
        " The girl continues to hit the ball around while the camera watches."
    ],
    "v_5IwVWA2HY5M": [
        "A woman is in a kitchen, talking.",
        " She is showing off an array of sandwich toppings.",
        " She places meat and cheese on bread, then closes the sandwich."
    ],
    "v_5JkN8t5k0jU": [
        "An intro of titles eventually leads to an athlete holding a large amount of weights over his head.",
        " The same man does another lit with his weights while another man watches in the background.",
        " He throws the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate."
    ],
    "v_5O1ttcUIUKk": [
        "men are standing in a large green field playing lacrosse.",
        " people is around the field watching the game.",
        " men are running side to side of the ield playing lacrosse trying to score."
    ],
    "v_5P-4_nS8euM": [
        "A young man is seen talking to the camera from various angles and then using a razor to cut his hair.",
        " He continues cutting his hair while speaking to the camera and laughing.",
        " He finishes his hair while looking into the camera then has his reflection shown behind a shower curtain."
    ],
    "v_5RKzXZ-0xQ8": [
        "A person paint nails to a woman using purple nail polish.",
        " A woman is looking down."
    ],
    "v_5RLeo8LymY4": [
        "A pair is rowing on kayaks down a lazy river stream.",
        " They use paddles to move their kayaks along the water.",
        " The pair looks toward each other, as if talking."
    ],
    "v_5TV-V6Cxero": [
        "A shirtless man is standing on porch while instructing how to build a redneck fire.",
        " He shows a beer bottle and some other alcohol cans.",
        " He demonstrates a campfire that he has set up in a pit.",
        " There are three men standing near the campfire pit to demonstrate step three.",
        " One of the men picks up a gasoline can and ours some of it into the campfire pit.",
        " Another man lights the bonfire up to start the fire.",
        " The bonfire continues burning as the fireworks crackle in the pit.",
        " One of the instructors comes back and point to the redneck campfire."
    ],
    "v_5V47VQHzWHc": [
        "A man is seated at the front of a church and plays a song on an accordion.",
        " The man goes all the way down the scale than back up at the end of the song.",
        " The man finishes the song and smiles."
    ],
    "v_5WJL9eJ8YDw": [
        "An intro leads into several clips of people standing in a circle and throwing an object off into the distance and ends by walking away.",
        " Several more people are seen steeping up into the circle throwing objects off into the distance and cheering with one another."
    ],
    "v_5ZmZr2bguy0": [
        "A woman is seen standing in a large circle and bending herself forward.",
        " The woman then spins herself around and throws an object off into the distance.",
        " The woman does this several times afterwards."
    ],
    "v_5aTek77vxBA": [
        "A woman kneels outdoors on a concrete ground and rinses clothes out and washes them using a metal bucket for the rinsing and the ground as a washboard for the clothes.",
        "  A little girl walks up to the woman and pours more water in the woman\u2019s metal bucket then walks away to stand next to a well where another woman is kneeling and washing clothes in the same way.",
        "  The first woman is shown again this time washing a large white sheet against the ground using the metal bucket again for the water supply."
    ],
    "v_5c1jHhHUwPI": [
        "pitcher throw the ball to the batter playing criquet.",
        " the batter is fighing with the man and other people trye to calm him down.",
        "a lo of people wearing black unifroms are running in the field fighting."
    ],
    "v_5g70tfGYWDk": [
        "A couple of people are on an indoor tennis court.",
        " They lob the ball back and forth, playing a game of tennis.",
        " They continue playing, trying to win the game."
    ],
    "v_5iQsKA84vWo": [
        "There two women boxers competing in kickboxing against each other in a boxing event.",
        " The referee is standing next to them.",
        " There are several spectators watching the boxers compete.",
        " After the referee gives a go, the contestants begin the match.",
        " The crowd cheers for them as they compete.",
        " The boxer in the black uniform punches the boxer in red and makes her fall down.",
        " The boxer in red kicks her opponent.",
        " The boxer in black strikes back at her opponent and the boxer in red punches her face.",
        " The referee declares the boxer in black as the winner and crowd applauds her victory."
    ],
    "v_5j6j4NJkUXA": [
        "A boy is shown swinging on a piece of gymnastic equipment with others training in the background.",
        " The camera shows several shots of different boys swinging on the equipment around and around with the camera panning to different angles."
    ],
    "v_5kBKAfEX7XA": [
        "An athlete is seen walking up to a set of uneven bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars.",
        " He continues moving around on the bars and ends by jumping down on the side with his arms out."
    ],
    "v_5kCv4zwc7-I": [
        "A girl in a blue shirt holds up a pack of fake finger nails.",
        " She sticks them onto her finger nails.",
        " She is showing her finger nails to the camera."
    ],
    "v_5kIl4TspdR0": [
        "Someone is brushing their teeth with an electric toothbrush.",
        " They wear braces  so they make sure to scrub all around very well.",
        " You can see the tongue moving around never really being comfortable inside of the mouth.",
        " The man continues to brush, toothpaste spewing down his lips a bit ."
    ],
    "v_5n7NCViB5TU": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " A man swings a metal object from hand to hand.",
        " The man spins and releases an object behind him, and the credits of the video are shown."
    ],
    "v_5ohc1_X2W80": [
        "Two people are shown pushing around a lawn mower and cutting the lawn.",
        " The bump into each other when one turns around the other follows close behind.",
        " The male walks up to the house and continues coming back around towards the woman."
    ],
    "v_5olJd75WWFw": [
        "A man wearing a black shirt is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth.",
        " He pours some of the polish from the bottle onto the cloth and uses it to gently scrub ad rub it over the furniture and tabletop.",
        " He uses it over various surfaces to clean and polish the surfaces of wood, vinyl and leather."
    ],
    "v_5qBzjfW-sMs": [
        "A young man is seen putting a piece of wood onto a bark and holds up an axe.",
        " He then swings the axe the bark breaking it in half, followed by him yelling into the air."
    ],
    "v_5rkAMBttgPc": [
        "A woman is standing behind a counter holding a martini glass.",
        " She dumps some ice into the glass.",
        " She puts some ice into another glass and adds shots of alcohol.",
        " She shakes the drink in a black shaker.",
        " She pours the ice out of a martini glass.",
        " She pours the drink into the martini glass.",
        " She holds up the martini glass in her hand."
    ],
    "v_5rlLaok_U5M": [
        "The player serves the birdie to start the match.",
        " Two teams compete in a badminton game in gymnasium.",
        " The teams have a long volley during the game.",
        " The player spikes the birdie down hard and scores a point."
    ],
    "v_5sYPXv0RkiM": [
        "A man stands next to a pile of wood holding tools on his shoulders.",
        " The man uses a large ax to chop logs standing upright in a grassy forested area area."
    ],
    "v_5v9p5jBN_Hg": [
        "A woman talks in a gym.",
        " The woman stands on a lane, then she runs to perform a long jump that lands in the sand.",
        " The jump of the woman is repeated several times."
    ],
    "v_5wOmHw6Boj8": [
        "A clear bottle of detergent is shown and a person begins cleaning a mug with a cloth.",
        "The person shows herself putting on the glove and goes back to washing the mug before finally showing her book on the product."
    ],
    "v_5x1diXJ8gME": [
        "A small group of men are seen riding around on various horses holding sticks in their hand and preparing for a game.",
        " The men then throw the ball down and all ride around on horses attempting to hit the ball and one scores a goal.",
        " A person holds up a flag and shows other people watching on the sides.",
        " A person then scores two more goals and the goalies raise their flag each time."
    ],
    "v_5xgBlI9Xx0I": [
        "A gymnast is shown swinging back and fourth on uneven bars.",
        " He performs a routine swinging around and around while hundreds of people watch.",
        " He finishes by sticking his arms up in the air and bowing to the audience."
    ],
    "v_5yGj9JooT_Q": [
        "Two men are fighting with bows and arrows in a room.",
        " A man jumps off a stack of mats.",
        " Another man does a flip off the wall."
    ],
    "v_5yfDyVVkPuU": [
        "Two men are seen speaking to the camera followed by several clips of people hitting a ball.",
        " More shots are shown of people holding up sticks and hitting a ball with another coach near by helping and speaking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_5zCY_vezHaU": [
        "A man in black shirt is stalking in front of the camera, then the calendar and then drawing is shown.",
        " The blonde man is talking in front of the camera, while behind him is an empty ramp, then the man skateboard in a wooden ramp, then is is showing how to skateboard, then he skateboard and did tricks on a wooden ramp, then he continue to talk, and then skateboard again."
    ],
    "v_5zPTTiJiXUY": [
        "A woman is sitting in a car barefoot, trying to drive.",
        " She lights a cigarette as she drives."
    ],
    "v_62h9hnNTKWM": [
        "Alexandra Raisman from Massachusetts is seen wearing purple leotards, getting ready to do gymnastics on the horse bar.",
        " She jumps right onto the horse bar and does some front and back flips.",
        " Then she does some back hand springs on the horse bar.",
        " she swiftly jumps on the horse bar while maintaining complete control over body and balance.",
        " She does a final back flip and a front flip and then, gets off the horse bar.",
        " The spectators cheer for her as she walks away."
    ],
    "v_64JprLAtnzg": [
        "A group of girls are dancing along a ledge.",
        " Each girl dances on the ledge gracefully.",
        " The screen fades away to black."
    ],
    "v_64oq7grVNVs": [
        "A young man clips the hair of several older men in an outdoor barber chair.",
        " The man cutting hair is  inside a barber shop talking.",
        " Some still shots of the man cutting hair are shown.",
        " The man is seen again cutting a mans hair in the outdoor barber chair."
    ],
    "v_66BGqvwHbUw": [
        "A camera zooms in on a person playing guitar and leads into a man speaking.",
        " Several more shots of people playing guitar and guitars on walls are shown as well as the same man speaking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_67NwPB79MTo": [
        "A small group of people are seen moving around a gym kicking a ball around.",
        " The boys yell to one another with their hands up and continue walking around the gym."
    ],
    "v_69IsHpmRyfk": [
        "A young girl is seen sitting in a chair with a person standing next to her.",
        " The person next to her then piercing one ear followed by the other.",
        " The person rubs lotion on the piercings afterwards."
    ],
    "v_6B3qNzgqnpc": [
        "A person sitting in a canoe is slowly streaming down a river.",
        " A shot of a bird is seen off in the distance, as well as another bird.",
        " The canoe keeps floating while various bird are shown sitting in the water as well as the trees."
    ],
    "v_6B7fKzdJAbo": [
        "women are standing in a wooden court in a roofed gym playing voleyball while public is in teraces watching the game.",
        " the ball hits a woman for the red team and people run to her."
    ],
    "v_6Dt510HMEWA": [
        "Some people are floating on the ocean on a yellow raft.",
        " They float by large rocks and cliffs."
    ],
    "v_6E4_XOsT89k": [
        " A person is standing on top of a high diving board.",
        " They jump off and do flips into the water.",
        " The crowd watches the person dive."
    ],
    "v_6Eh7B3GnQWI": [
        "We see a man talking to the camera while holding an accordion.",
        " The man then plays the accordion and  we see it up close.",
        " The man holds a note and his hands shake.",
        " We zoom out and the man stops playing."
    ],
    "v_6KG4p_pfMQc": [
        "man wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids.",
        " little blonde kid throw a ball and a kid kicks the ball in the field.",
        " kisd are running in the field to catch th ball."
    ],
    "v_6KXVjADefBY": [
        "A person vacuum dirt from a couch with a hand vacuum with a brush nozzle.",
        " Then, the person vacuum the crevasses of the couch using a crevasse noodle Then, the person uses a handle held vacuum to clean the top of the couch and the floor.",
        " After, the woman shows the battery of the vacuum and then she keeps it."
    ],
    "v_6LrY7uMj8Kg": [
        "Three men sitting by the counter are sitting watching TV and then ladies in cheerdancing outfit started dancing as the men stare at them.",
        " The ladies started dancing, raising their arms up swinging their bodies.",
        " The girls play billiards and table football with the guys and they dance."
    ],
    "v_6RdkwoTi-98": [
        "A man performs a hammer throw in an outdoor area, caged in, surrounded by crowds of people watching.",
        "  A man in a red t-shirt approaches a players circle on the ground inside of an enclosed metal fence area.",
        "  The man spins a ball, attached to a rope, around and around.",
        "  The man lets the ball goes and watches as it lands off screen."
    ],
    "v_6SFW4g4UVKI": [
        "A man's face is moving back and forth.",
        " The man is shining a shoe."
    ],
    "v_6SWx37_Byzs": [
        "A man and woman are seen performing a dancing routine on a floor with one another.",
        " The man and woman are also seen in shots dancing by themselves and leads into them dancing together again."
    ],
    "v_6WlnhNQOWFA": [
        "A man is seen standing before a game of hopscotch drawn out and begins jumping down the path while others follow.",
        " The camera continues to follow the man as he jumps down the path and captures several others doing the same as well."
    ],
    "v_6XINT0LDdz8": [
        "A gymnast is seen looking off into the distance and standing before a set of uneven bars.",
        " The man then jumps up onto the bars and begins swinging himself back and fourth.",
        " The man continues to swing around and ends by jumping down."
    ],
    "v_6_NquDQUFm0": [
        "A woman is seen running back and fourth on a small track and leads into her putting a helmet on.",
        " She grabs a pole and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat.",
        " She jumps up and walks over to a group of people keeping her score."
    ],
    "v_6aHGUTy1iho": [
        "A camera pans around an athletic field with various people warming up and holding sticks.",
        " A girl holding a stick is spoken to by an instructor and she runs through and throws the pole.",
        " She walks back while another grabs a rope to estimate her distance."
    ],
    "v_6d9z33GFEGo": [
        "A man is holding a wine glass and talking.",
        " He takes a drink of the wine and sets the glass down.",
        " He shows bottles that are sitting on a counter.",
        " He pours oil into a pan on a stove.",
        " He adds seasonings to the pan.",
        " He stirs a pot that is on the stove.",
        " He takes a scoop of what's in the pot and adds it to the pan.",
        " He begins to stir the pasta that is in the pan.",
        " He scoops the pasta out of the pan onto a plate.",
        " He picks up his wine glass again."
    ],
    "v_6dJrQV3Jzbw": [
        "A large group of people are seen running down a field playing a game of lacrosse.",
        " The people hit the ball all along the field while a ref watches them on the side.",
        " The group continue to play together while the camera moves back and fourth."
    ],
    "v_6fI4gF_2VCk": [
        "A man's face is seen close up speaking and leads into him smoking a cigarette.",
        " The man continues to take drags out of the cigarette while blowing smoke off into the distance.",
        " He moves his hand up and down to smoke and blow the smoke out."
    ],
    "v_6iA4RXGAR_k": [
        "Two ballroom dances are shown performing a routine in a large auditorium.",
        " The couple spin multiple times while the audience cheers them on loudly.",
        " They continue performing their dance routine and several people on look using phones and cameras.",
        " The couple does one last spin and eventually takes a bow."
    ],
    "v_6kUeZVukTEI": [
        "Several clips are shown of people lifting heavy weights as well as jumping on a track.",
        " People are seen jumping over poles, squatting with weights, as well as performing various other exercises.",
        " In the end more people are seen jumping over a pole."
    ],
    "v_6l0tenUYS-w": [
        "There is man speaking on the microphone to announce who's coming up.",
        " Next many different people go up on stage to dance."
    ],
    "v_6q7LQZLC_N8": [
        "A sailboat with dark red plum colored sails is riding on the ocean.",
        " The boat turns and we see it from behind as we move to the left side.",
        " The camera zoom in and out then flashes to another angle.",
        " We see the credits run over the video."
    ],
    "v_6qghJRLpHpo": [
        "A small group of people are seen riding kayaks down a rough river with one person performing a flip in the water.",
        " The person performs several more flips with the camera captures him from far away."
    ],
    "v_6qynXM937V0": [
        "There's a man wearing a hat and a beige colored shirt standing on the banks of a river playing his harmonica.",
        " There is a still river behind him.",
        " He continues playing his harmonica to a soothing tune.",
        " After he stops playing, he puts his hands down."
    ],
    "v_6tveUnZe7WA": [
        "A white male is dressed outside in a Scotland uniform standing outside in the middle of a cemetery.",
        "As he is standing,he plays the bag pipes with the American Flag hanging down from them.",
        "When he is finished,he begins to look to his right,shakes his head,catches his breath and keeps playing."
    ],
    "v_6wTk8QqWxuo": [
        "A boy is helping his father push a mower.",
        "  They turn back to the camera.",
        "  A person goes stand near the fence."
    ],
    "v_6yD5jZn6SEs": [
        "A gymnast is seen leaning over a long bar with a person standing next to her on the ground.",
        " The girl then hops herself up on the beam.",
        " Finally the girl begins to swing down around."
    ],
    "v_6yVhTyPaaLQ": [
        "A woman stands on front a paint holding a bottle, and then paintings on canvas are shown in a slideshow.",
        " Then, the woman paints two canvas using a bottle, when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas.",
        " Then, the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle.",
        " After, the woman hangs the paintings on the, then she puts the paintings on the floor and then hang on the wall to continues painting."
    ],
    "v_7-RbxFePrmU": [
        "A girl is holding a toothbrush up to the camera.",
        " She uses the brush to brush her teeth.",
        " She scrubs her teeth back and forth for a long time."
    ],
    "v_71vVRQ4l8OI": [
        "A gymnist is seen pushing himself up onto a set of uneven bars while several other people watch on the sidelines as well as perform.",
        " Several older men man runs into frame to check on the gymnast in back while the man on the bars continues his routine.",
        " The athlete does a back flip and finishes his routine while several others run into frame."
    ],
    "v_72PUOTjZpQU": [
        "A large group of people are seen standing in a gymnasium with two people in front.",
        " The group then begins dancing with one another and leads into another large group of people.",
        " People are seen speaking to the camera and leads into them jumping up in the end."
    ],
    "v_73LZVxxlJV8": [
        "big skyscraper with a great view.",
        " men is cleaning the window on the outside hanging on the Scaffolding."
    ],
    "v_73n-KuFkH94": [
        "Several shots of athletic runners are shown followed by slow motion shots of an athlete running a long jump and celebrating.",
        " The camera pans into scenes of men stretching and watching followed by one running down the long jump and cheering to the crowd.",
        " His jump is shown several more times followed by other's jumping performing their jump in front of the large crowd."
    ],
    "v_74qSBsksI-E": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding a razor up to his face.",
        " The man then shaves his face around the sides and ends by still speaking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_79gvzh0wn0Q": [
        "A woman in white karate uniform does a demonstration of a routine on the mat for judges during event.",
        " The woman bows and walks off the mat.",
        " A woman in black uniform shakes hands with judges.",
        " A woman in white uniform walks up and greets judges shaking their hands."
    ],
    "v_7D5ItfgJFVw": [
        "The white rabbit is in the cage.",
        " The rabbit is cleaning its hands by licking it.",
        " The rabbit cleaned his back and then wend down to the first floor of his cage."
    ],
    "v_7EEpIeXhO54": [
        "A large pool is seen followed by a person walking in and falling off a board.",
        " Another person is seen walking off a diving board and jumping into the water.",
        " Several more clips are shown of people attempting to dive in the water but failing."
    ],
    "v_7GSCDxBSFsw": [
        "A person holds a javelin and prepares to launch it.",
        " Then, the man runs and launch the javelin."
    ],
    "v_7IIi_92vRLo": [
        "An intro leads into various pictures of girls with long hair as well as girls who have their hair braided together.",
        " A girl's hair length is measured followed by more pictures of her long hair and speaking to the camera.",
        " A set of hands is then seen cutting the girl's hair and showing her ponytail to the girl.",
        " More pictures of the girl's new hair is shown as well as old pictures of her."
    ],
    "v_7KYj4FQUESo": [
        "A person is shown vacuuming a large rug with a green vacuum cleaner.",
        " A caption comes up on the screen while the man continues to use the vacuum all over the rug."
    ],
    "v_7Lkcan0X5VA": [
        "A person's hands are shown playing piano.",
        " A close up of a trumpet shows a man playing.",
        " The video fades to the people playing on stage.",
        " The camera zooms in on the trumpet player.",
        " A girl is shown playing piano.",
        " The duo continue playing until the song ends."
    ],
    "v_7LmSZAoD6-c": [
        "woman is running to make a high jump and start walking and the woman makes the same high jump 3 times.",
        " woman loose the hair sits on the floor and untie the shoes."
    ],
    "v_7MWFfqhKgIY": [
        "A little girl performs holding on the rings.",
        " A boy stands next a man, then he raise a hand  and walks to perform on the parallel bards.",
        " The boy swing on the bars, and then jumps on the mat."
    ],
    "v_7Nj1Y-fyq_c": [
        "A man dressed in business attire enters a kitchen with some children behind him, he shakes a woman's hand, rubs her shoulder and then introduces the children to the woman, and the whole time black text on the top of the screen reads \"'Lying' Ryan has a few minutes to kill before a flight\".",
        " More clips continue to play of the man in the kitchen, talking, handling cleaning products, and washing dishes, but a lot of negative words about him are appearing on the screen.",
        "The man is out of the kitchen now and walking then stops to shake hands and talk to a man, but a negative message about him still appears on the screen."
    ],
    "v_7OTqYfUuAIw": [
        "A young child is seen kicking around in the middle of a room.",
        " The kid kicks both of his legs around while the camera pans around.",
        " Another child is seen kicking on the side while a dog walks in and out of frame."
    ],
    "v_7OZHg_OOfxw": [
        "boys and girls are stading in a court practicing cheerleaders choreography and a woman is talking in a studio on news.",
        " high scoo musical scene is show and a man practicing is being interviewed and scenes of bring it on is showed."
    ],
    "v_7VvcQNSAd24": [
        "A man is seen standing in front of a mirror holding a razor.",
        " He then begins shaving his face while still looking in the mirror.",
        " He finishes shaving his face and looks back smiling at the camera."
    ],
    "v_7WfF6FrZEuU": [
        "A woman is seen smiling and speaking to the camera.",
        " Another man is seen sitting behind her with another man in front.",
        " The woman continues speaking while the man in front cleans the other's shoes."
    ],
    "v_7Xl0K-revJc": [
        "A man teaches the proper way to get a mouthpiece on a saxophone.",
        "  He then describes how to properly play the horn."
    ],
    "v_7Zd7KlliqQw": [
        "A man is seen moving around in slow motion while the camera captures him from several angles.",
        " A pair of scissors and a comb is then seen close up and leads into a person cutting the man's hair.",
        " He finally blow dries the man's hair and is shown once again smiling and laughing to the camera."
    ],
    "v_7aydawW3AfE": [
        "A little girl is sitting on a bed with her eyes closed.",
        " A woman kneels down and puts eye liner on the girl.",
        " The girl opens her eye and smiles."
    ],
    "v_7hDCO9fJb90": [
        "A man stands next to a young girl dressed in a gymnastic outfit in a gym and talks to the camera.",
        "  The man then coaches the girl on the gym bars in a gymnastic practice session as the girl swings on the bars in a gym filled with other children practicing gymnastics.",
        "  The man then closes standing next to the girl again and talking into the camera."
    ],
    "v_7hxCoi0XU6I": [
        "An intro leads into two women in front of the camera, one standing and speaking, and the other sitting and watching.",
        " The woman standing holds up a brush and begins brushing the woman's hair.",
        " She finishes brushing the woman's hair and looks back to the camera smiling."
    ],
    "v_7iTrw4kr8e0": [
        "An intro leads into a woman looking into the mirror and putting makeup on.",
        " She puts glasses and looks down at the mirror.",
        " She turns herself away and ends with a logo shown."
    ],
    "v_7j8cTyXi5a4": [
        "A woman is standing behind a table.",
        " She picks up a rag and a bottle of oil.",
        " She puts oil onto the rag and starts to clean her boots with it."
    ],
    "v_7kQ3JRkEQr0": [
        "Two girls are standing up doing karate.",
        " People are sitting down watching them.",
        " A woman in a black robe is standing up next to them."
    ],
    "v_7lUaR1veDJU": [
        "We see people playing water polo in a pool.",
        " A man in the rear on the right throws the ball to a player closer to the goal.",
        " That player then throws the ball across to a man on the left.",
        " A man grabs the ball and throws it in the goal."
    ],
    "v_7lwrP2ma2TU": [
        "A person observes an old samurai temple.",
        " A man holds an arch and shoots arrows, while men sit on the road sorts arrows.",
        " Three small boards are fix on the ground, suddenly and arrow hits one board.",
        " People gather on a road, then a old man gives a white box to a man dressed in white clothes."
    ],
    "v_7n9It_jjaBg": [
        "A man stands on a bridge guardrail with a harness while another man holds him.",
        "  The man jumps off the bridge to the river below.",
        " The man swings back and forth over the rapids."
    ],
    "v_7oBW5W6Fdok": [
        "We see a man preparing to throw a hammer in track and field.",
        " The man shakes his legs and walks to the field.",
        " The man spins hard and throws the hammer.",
        " We see the hammer as it flies across the track."
    ],
    "v_7pcnWE7jpQY": [
        "A person is attempting high jumps.",
        "  The first few attempts are good.",
        "  The final attempt is not ever achieved."
    ],
    "v_7qeiQKbWpLM": [
        "A female gymnast goes through her routine as her coach supervises.",
        "  Graphics appear at the bottom of the screen that gives the girl's name and country she represents.",
        "  Her coach walks to the uneven bars to position himself in case she falls.",
        "  The coach walks up to the uneven bars a second time to position himself to catch her if needed and then walks across to the other side of the mats.",
        "  She gets off the uneven bars and lands on the mat and poses."
    ],
    "v_7rvrBulkd5c": [
        "An exercise instructor is explaining the step.",
        "  She steps up on it and begins to show the exercises.",
        "  She goes in front of it and shows more exercises, stepping up and down and raising her arms as she steps.",
        "  She stops and explains more.",
        "  She turns back to the step and begins more advances steps.",
        "  She stops for moment and shows the fast step again."
    ],
    "v_7t666Y8cLGk": [
        "A lady uses a Shisha pipe while sitting.",
        " The lady blows the smoke into a cut, soapy bottle half.",
        " The  bubble pops releasing the smoke.",
        " The bubble float away with the smoke still enclosed and falls to the floor."
    ],
    "v_7univ6G4RXA": [
        "We see a boy brushing his teeth and dancing in the bathroom.",
        " The boy pauses and looks at the brush.",
        " The boy returns to brushing and dancing.",
        " The boy holds on the the sink for a moment.",
        " The boy holds onto the sink again."
    ],
    "v_7uumfT4aGLU": [
        "A male gymnast is in an arena full of people and grabs two bars to begin his routine.",
        "After he is on the bars,he does several flips and turns before landing his performance and leaving the mat."
    ],
    "v_80spFFIdnC4": [
        "A view of a wide ocean taken from a boat appears and various men are shown doing different things on the boat on both the inside and the outside and include steering the wheel up deck, or sitting at computers monitoring things.",
        "A man sitting on the deck of the boat is talking to the camera while a man behind him is standing and the man beside that standing man is controlling the steering wheel of the boat.",
        "The focus change to another man on the boat and he is talking to the camera as well."
    ],
    "v_8381XS5ZDNs": [
        "A piece of exercise equipment spins around on a panel when a woman suddenly appears.",
        " She climbs on the machine and begins exercising while the camera pans around her movements.",
        " She continues to use the equipment and eventually shows a picture of the equipment."
    ],
    "v_83a5nOzZU1g": [
        "A drink is being poured into a glass followed by a woman grabbing a glass and pouring mixtures into it.",
        " She creates an alcoholic drink by pouring several different mixes together and the camera zooming in on the drink."
    ],
    "v_84x9A9xyLcE": [
        "The sun rises over the hills.",
        " A man in shorts walks around.",
        "  He grabs his board and places it into the water.",
        " The man climbs the board and surfs."
    ],
    "v_85DumZo8-ik": [
        "A woman claps her hands together.",
        " She sprints down a track.",
        " She jumps into a pile of sand.",
        " She jumps up in the air."
    ],
    "v_85HxidMLf5Y": [
        "A man cleans a small board of wood with a cloth in a workshop.",
        " Then, the man uses flannel to polish the wood board thoroughly."
    ],
    "v_8729_qnILMM": [
        "A woman plays flute sit on a piano while moving her feet.",
        " The woman finish playing bow and smiles."
    ],
    "v_87hjft6OBiU": [
        "There is a man shown lifting a weight that weighs over 90 pounds.",
        " There is a woman who's running on the treadmill behind him."
    ],
    "v_88wc2an-eC4": [
        "TWo children are doing mixed martial arts in front of a television.",
        "  They are punching and kicking each other for sport."
    ],
    "v_8ATFQNEWHL0": [
        "A woman is talking about how to make a salad.",
        "  She breaks up the lettuce into smaller parts."
    ],
    "v_8EyYHnijfnI": [
        "A woman sits in a chair.",
        " Another woman puts something up her nose.",
        " She then pierces it with a needle.",
        " She puts a piece of jewelry on it next."
    ],
    "v_8GJWokVCzUM": [
        "This man is wearing a red tank top, black shorts, and shoes.",
        " He runs on the race track and the he does the triple jump in which he almost makes it to the end."
    ],
    "v_8HY9CPl9CqE": [
        "A group of swimmers are getting ready to perform.",
        " The crowd watches the girls get ready.",
        " A girl dives off the diving board and people cheer.",
        " She climbs out of the pool while another swimmer gets ready to jump."
    ],
    "v_8HhihBmSS9s": [
        "A small group of people are seen standing around a field that leads into a game of kickball.",
        " The people kick around the ball and cheer with one another as they score points on their side.",
        " Another team member scores a goal and their teammates run in with their arms up."
    ],
    "v_8J_bB1vI0uE": [
        "A man stands atop a rock formation.",
        " Several scenes of individuals rock climbing are shown from various angles and settings, interspersed with brief closeup shots of the climbers.",
        " Several credits are shown on a black screen."
    ],
    "v_8JgckTuL1WA": [
        "People are playing a game of badminton on a court.",
        " People are sitting behind them watching the game.",
        " A girl in a pink shirt picks up the ball."
    ],
    "v_8KPk9pH4wWw": [
        "An athlete is seen waving his hands to the crowd and clapping followed by him running over a beam.",
        " His same shot is shown again in slow motion and hes seen speaking to a man."
    ],
    "v_8Kj5Whf2JyA": [
        "A large group of people are see bouncing around on trampolines throwing dodgeballs to one another.",
        " The camera pans around to the people on the outside and back onto the kids playing."
    ],
    "v_8L1xXJvKuv4": [
        "A group of people are swimming in an indoor pool with other swimmers standing on the side of the pool watching.",
        "  The children on the sidelines are jumping up and down with swim caps and swimsuits on as they watch the people who are already in the pool swim.",
        "  A person walks by the camera as the shaky camera focuses on the people who are already in the pool swimming."
    ],
    "v_8LTh7r2U8Fw": [
        "An athlete walks onto a field outside.",
        " He runs with a javelin in the air.",
        " He throws the javelin as far as he can, repeating multiple times."
    ],
    "v_8Nv52hFr0tg": [
        "A female gymnast stands idle while being watched by a crowd.",
        " A close up of a second woman saying something is shown.",
        " The gymnast performs a routine on a beam.",
        " The female gymnast finishes her routine and dismounts.",
        " People are shown applauding the gymnast.",
        " The gymnast walks away from the beam."
    ],
    "v_8O1cLqQrn4o": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera while man people stand around behind him and practice.",
        " The men hit the badminton back and fourth while the older gentlemen continues to speak and point around the court."
    ],
    "v_8Qg395HjqFg": [
        "A man in a white jacket picks up an iron.",
        " He places tin foil down onto a table.",
        " He puts bread on the tin foil with butter and cheese.",
        " He puts the iron on the sandwich.",
        " He opens the tin foil and cuts the sandwich in half.",
        " He takes a bit of the sandwich."
    ],
    "v_8SMXK2uOvk0": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " People are biking down a path.",
        " A person is trying to start a fire.",
        " The person feeds the fire and moves it to a hole.",
        " The credits of the video are shown."
    ],
    "v_8VYre-lXqIo": [
        "A pregnant woman is slowly moving in a room.",
        " She moves side to side as she goes.",
        " She lifts her feet and arms, doing several martial arts moves."
    ],
    "v_8W-x068F4tE": [
        "An athletic man is seen standing before a beam and begins performing a gymnastics routine.",
        " He swings himself around and around performing flips and tricks and ends by kissing the crowd and walking away."
    ],
    "v_8WJWtfmEipI": [
        "A car is stopped at a red light and there's a view of a small town that has some snow on the ground.",
        "The light turns green and the car drives down the street and there's no people walking on the sidewalk and just one truck parked.",
        " On the right side there's someone shoveling ice from the road and the car passes him."
    ],
    "v_8Yfm6gbKRho": [
        "A man runs onto the field of a sporting game.",
        " Cricket players are pitched balls during a game in a large stadium.",
        " The cricket player hits a high pop fly that is caught.",
        " The cricket players pose for photos.",
        " The players all line up for a race on the adjacent track."
    ],
    "v_8ao9LZLn0Hs": [
        "Four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes, stand in a line, on a stage and play the violin together.",
        "  Four little girls begin to play violin on a stage on a stage with a pink backdrop.",
        "  The girl play together using both hands to play the violin before ending the performance and taking a bow together."
    ],
    "v_8bX1g0mefzM": [
        "A woman talks showing a shoe, then she cleans it with a cloth.",
        " The woman puts oil in a cloth and polish the shoe.",
        " Then, the woman takes shoe polish and apply to the shoe."
    ],
    "v_8d7FyPzxzjg": [
        "A man flies in the air with on a motorcycle.",
        " A man makes a motocross circuit using a heavy machine.",
        " People runs motocross on an bumpy road.",
        " people ride a motorcycle on ramps, and then flies and spin in the air."
    ],
    "v_8eqO6e2wWmY": [
        "A few men and a woman are indoors playing badminton They are very into it and competing heavily.",
        " The men go back and forth in an attempt to score and are very focused.",
        " Various shots in fast motion and in slow motion are shown of the action."
    ],
    "v_8gKV8f3qSOg": [
        "A woman in a purple dress is seated, speaking to the camera.",
        " She is shown massaging cream into her face, then rinsing it off with water and patting dry with a towel.",
        " She then speaks to the camera again."
    ],
    "v_8hkVzhEKqpY": [
        "A man and woman news reporter are sitting in front of a tv screen as they talk.",
        " They then show clips from an outdoor volleyball game.",
        " The team mates hit the ball back and forth over the net.",
        " Afterward, they shake hands with their opponents."
    ],
    "v_8jJdHFW-lys": [
        "little girl is in stage in a competition and do a jump into a parallel to do gymnastics and somersaults.",
        " peolpe is standing behind the stage talking."
    ],
    "v_8jj-mhVrlGA": [
        "A woman is shown speaking to the camera and point off into the distance.",
        " The camera pans out into another man standing on the court and two basketballs shown.",
        " The man and woman then shoot hoops with the balls and pass each other back and fourth."
    ],
    "v_8kkKxLpiMus": [
        "a group of people are gathered inside a room.",
        " They are walking back and forward together.",
        " They are dancing as a form of aerobics."
    ],
    "v_8l7SuE4_lCk": [
        "A young man is seen looking into the camera holding a toothbrush.",
        " The man then begins brushing his teeth in several shots.",
        " He continues brushing his teeth and showing off his mouth in the end."
    ],
    "v_8leZKBY0B6I": [
        "A person is seen turning her neck to the side and a person wearing gloves holding a needle.",
        " The person then pierces the ear of the girl sitting down.",
        " He puts an earring through the piercing and makes sure it's in place."
    ],
    "v_8lhODyltF2Q": [
        "A person is riding a lawnmower with an umbrella through the rain.",
        "  A light colored sedan passes on the road.",
        "  The person on the mower drives up to the roadway."
    ],
    "v_8ofNg0y8w60": [
        "Two people are playing a tennis match on a blue court.",
        " The man in the blue shirt misses the ball and walks away to talk to someone.",
        " They replay the video of him missing the ball.",
        " A man in a white shirt sits on a chair with a microphone.",
        " They restart another tennis match."
    ],
    "v_8ohisLftwZ4": [
        "Two men play squash in a room.",
        " A player goes to find the ball and throw it to his partner.",
        " Then, the two men continues playing squash.",
        " A man pick up a ball from the floor and continues squash."
    ],
    "v_8qAdvUvNuts": [
        "A view of the countryside is seen in multiple images, including buildings, trees, fields and flowers near the ocean.",
        " A man is shown mountain climbing up the side of a cliff."
    ],
    "v_8qODQbBVsus": [
        "A man and woman are standing at a counter with a pineapple.",
        " The man ripped the top of the pineapple.",
        "  The man sliced the top off the pineapple.",
        " The man cut the pineapple in half.",
        " The man cut the skin off the pineapple."
    ],
    "v_8sTJGmY-SGQ": [
        "A man is seen standing with his arms up and walks in between a set of uneven bars.",
        " The man then hopes up on the bars and begins spinning himself around.",
        " He continues spinning on the bars and ends by jumping down on the sides."
    ],
    "v_8uP35-qttBo": [
        "Two men are seen speaking to the camera while each hold a bow and arrow.",
        " One man shows off his while clips are shown of people shooting the bow and shown in between.",
        " The other man shows off his bow while still showing off his specs."
    ],
    "v_8wDm37sdBCI": [
        "A person is down below and is swinging a fabric and hitting it onto something.",
        " A wide shot of a city is shown from the from above.",
        "The view pans to other parts of the city and then zooms on other people hitting fabric onto an object as well."
    ],
    "v_8wNsOZHTsj0": [
        "A man splits logs into using an ax in a grassy yard while his wife retrieves the pieces.",
        " A man splits logs in the yard by himself.",
        " The man sets his ax blade into the log and takes a brake."
    ],
    "v_8wxFQrFEo3M": [
        "An intro screen of clouds appear and the blue words across it say \"HOOKAH TRICK MONTAGE HD\".",
        " Various words show up in between many different clips of many different people blowing smoke out of their mouths and doing many different tricks; and when the words are put together they say \"ITS TIME TO MAKE IT RIGHT\".",
        " When the clips are done a black screen appears and blue letters appear and it say's \"Thanks for watching\"."
    ],
    "v_8xm7fWZ0RmE": [
        "An Asian man is standing by the keyboard, he is wearing a red shirt with black top inside.",
        " Two people, one girl and one boy are sitting, the girl is wearing a white top, while the boy is wearing a white stripe sweater.",
        " The man started playing on the keyboard, he has his hands shown, he is wearing a black bead bracelet, then he continue playing while the two people in white is listening.",
        " When the man finished playing his keyboard, people cheered for him."
    ],
    "v_8xsLp6lqijo": [
        "A man is standing on a skateboard.",
        " He picks up the skateboard and holds it in his hand.",
        " He puts the skateboard back down and continues skateboarding."
    ],
    "v_9029wVyGkvg": [
        "A man stands in front of the camera before being shown playing a game of basketball while punching a man with a pair of boxing gloves.",
        " The two men shake hands."
    ],
    "v_93jSVyXW5gc": [
        "woman is standing in a shooting room holding a bow and throwing the arrow into a board.",
        " woman stands in a bg large field holding a bow and thowing arrow to baloons.",
        " woman is standing in a small court holding a bow and throwing an arow to an apple in a man's head.",
        " man is standing in a alrge green field showing a woman how to shoot an arrow and the woman pulls out a gun from the pockets and shot to the board.",
        " man is standing next to a tree holding a camera.",
        " woman is throwing arros to a watermelon.",
        " woman is throwing arrows to movie posters and talking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_95L-8JtlwRU": [
        "A pair of white and red nike shoes are shown.",
        " A man is using inserts to prepare the shoes.",
        " He then uses a brush and cleaning solution to wash the shoes."
    ],
    "v_96HJ_LqNdkg": [
        "This girl is doing a video of how to make your white shoes become sparkly clean.",
        "  You will need a toothbrush, baby powder, a glass cup or bowl, bleach, and q-tips, blowdryer, and water.",
        "First she adds water  pours a little bit of baby powder into the small bowl and she mixes it up using the toothbrush.",
        " She puts the baby powder soaked toothbrush onto the shoe and starts to rub it there.",
        " Then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys the shoe and scrubs them again.",
        " Then she pours bleach into the small bowl that has baby powder in it and she puts the toothbrush in the bowl and rubs it on the shoe again.",
        " Finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes the shoe off."
    ],
    "v_96kej9yK8To": [
        "There's man dressed in a black sweater playing the violin in a church.",
        " There's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.",
        " There's a statue of Jesus Christ right behind them.",
        " After the man stops playing the violin, the woman joins in and begins playing her violin.",
        " there are a few people seated in the front row, watching the woman play."
    ],
    "v_9AqHhUuE9bE": [
        "A man is sitting along side a road polishing a shoe.",
        " Some other people are seated nearby, and many individuals walk past him.",
        " A motorcycle drives by on the road.",
        " The man puts the shoe down and picks up another one to polish."
    ],
    "v_9AzESzqOtb0": [
        "A man runs down a track outside.",
        " He is holding a long javelin.",
        " He pole vaults over a bar.",
        " He does the same thing again indoors."
    ],
    "v_9FJwDxnlW7Y": [
        "A middle aged man is shoveling snow on a sidewalk while a medium sized brown dog chases the shovel.",
        " The man throws the snow and turns the other way to repeat the shoveling while the dog continues to chase the shovel.",
        " At the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees the dog chasing the shovel and laughs.",
        " The man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him.",
        " The man does not turn around and shovel the sidewalk again, but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog.",
        " The dog trails behind as if tired."
    ],
    "v_9GP266ETAuE": [
        "A ball is shown swinging around followed by shots of scenery and people getting ready.",
        " A man records an athlete holding the ball and sitting on a bench.",
        " Various people are shown getting ready to perform followed by several people swinging the balls.",
        " Eventually several different women are shown performing the task while also warming up their throws."
    ],
    "v_9H8OBfrm1Rw": [
        "Rain is pouring down and a person is walking across the field pointing his finger across the field.",
        "After,he is shown in a field holding his hand up starts to play lacrosse.",
        "More games continue and the guy who was pointing begins making goals and leading his team."
    ],
    "v_9IIcG8AiUnA": [
        "A man is standing inside a kitchen in front of a small table.",
        " He shows and talks about olive oil and lemon juice.",
        " He uses the items to clean and polish the table of scratches."
    ],
    "v_9Nj9WdaSQCs": [
        "The words \"Women's Artistic Gymnastics (WAG)\" appear on a red screen.",
        " \"Code of Points 2013-2016\" appear briefly.",
        " Clips of Chellsie Memmel performing gymnastics olympic trials are shown.",
        " Various stats from her performance are shown on screen."
    ],
    "v_9Pun6fgAg8Q": [
        "Two teams play beach volleyball on front a crowd.",
        " A woman holds a smart phone.",
        " A man serves a ball.",
        " A man wearing a cap and plaid shirt pass on front the players."
    ],
    "v_9Pv2hUyODK4": [
        "A man in a black shirt is talking outside near a track and field.",
        "He then walks over to a student athlete from Florida State University.",
        "The athlete then begins talking and showing various techniques that she uses.",
        "Once finishes,she begins doing a triple jump into the pit,she tries again, and then the man interviewing her begins doing the same jump.",
        "The two come back to the camera and finish talking,she flashes her thumbs up and then leaves."
    ],
    "v_9QnASEwOBT4": [
        "A man is seen speaking to a woman as she puts on a belt and then walks on stage.",
        " The woman then bends down and lifts a large weight over her head, followed by throwing it down and walking off stage.",
        " Her same lift is shown again in slow motion."
    ],
    "v_9Rd8PpfRNmY": [
        "A child paints her toenails with white nail polish on front a little child.",
        " A person enters the room and walk on front the children.",
        " Then, the child turns to listen somebody for a second and continues painting her toenails.",
        " After, a hand touches the back of the child twice who turns and then continues painting her toenails."
    ],
    "v_9UGNhbRWM14": [
        "A girl and a man are practicing boxing in a gym.",
        " There is a punching bag swinging in the background.",
        " The girl and man move around the floor swinging at each other."
    ],
    "v_9VGxxRNOdbM": [
        "A gymnast put power chalk power on his hands and stands near the pommel horse.",
        " Then, the gymnast approach the pommel horse to spin around many times.",
        " Then, the gymnast stand on his hand and jumps to land on the floor, while people applaud."
    ],
    "v_9WDvq8LXrxU": [
        "A seated man cleans a shoe in a classroom setting with other individuals.",
        " The man turns to the camera and smiles.",
        " The man laughs as he holds the shoe downwards."
    ],
    "v_9WXl-2sINno": [
        "A young girl giving a make up tutorial.",
        " She begins with the eye shadow.",
        " She gets a little bit distracted and starts talking to someone else in the room.",
        " She then finishes her other eye and laughs a little bit."
    ],
    "v_9XanCE5nX2Q": [
        "There is a woman dancing on stage in front of a man in the beginning.",
        " There are many different women doing hip hop moves."
    ],
    "v_9YnYdsmjkIY": [
        "A man sits in a chair and talks while holding a harmonica and occasionally playing it while sitting in a front of green cloth backdrop.",
        "  A bald man sits in a wooden chair and talks to the camera while holding, pointing to and occasionally playing a harmonica in his hands.",
        "  The camera zooms in for a tighter shot of the man as he talks and before the man pulls the harmonica directly up to his face and plays the harmonica briefly before pulling the harmonica away and looking into the camera."
    ],
    "v_9YxgMsdO9GE": [
        "Two people are seen riding down a road with a dog.",
        " One person is riding a bike and the other a skateboard while the camera follows close behind.",
        " Several other dogs run by and the people continue riding down the road path."
    ],
    "v_9a6C5rvS56A": [
        "There are 4 african american children skipping around on the concrete ground.",
        " 3 are wearing dresses and 1 of them is wearing a shirt and pants.",
        " After they're done skipping, they go to pick vegetables on the side of a building and put them into a blue bowl."
    ],
    "v_9bUNAiuRXyo": [
        "A boy walks up to a post on a very large indoor court.",
        " He gets himself ready, moving his arms around.",
        "He begins to spin around very quickly.",
        " Finally letting go and throwing the ball."
    ],
    "v_9cD-Z6Aw7bE": [
        "We see young ladies hug each other on a track.",
        " We then see replay from their run.",
        " A lady swings her arms as she finishes.",
        " We see a title screen.",
        " We see a 4 ladies throwing the hammer.",
        " A lady hugs someone after her thrown.",
        " A lady hugs a woman and a man."
    ],
    "v_9eJgsiS3xH8": [
        "sailboat is in open sea with some people standing on it.",
        "men are siting on te sailboat and are driving it and talking to each other."
    ],
    "v_9fh_ray_B80": [
        "A few guys are sitting near a cliff.",
        " A man is climbing a cliff with all limbs.",
        " The man that is climbing falls and begins to laugh."
    ],
    "v_9fnmcyUz5jg": [
        "A logo shows that this video is presented by Expert Village.",
        " A man in a small blue boat discusses the topic of hand surfing in a hole and gives hints on how to perform this activity.",
        " The man demonstrates tricks that can be done while performing this activity."
    ],
    "v_9hR1MHvXGv8": [
        "We see a man putting items in his car.",
        " The man gets in the car and drives down the street.",
        " We see men climbing indoors on a climbing wall, and outdoors in the woods.",
        "  We see two men outdoors at night then day.",
        " We see men climbing a cliff.",
        "  A man waves from the top.",
        " We see the men on the top of the cliff.",
        "  A man drills holes in a wall.",
        " We see a man fall repeatedly.",
        " We see three men in a boat on a river."
    ],
    "v_9i7ABIB99Ow": [
        "Step by step instructions to make creamy pasta, first putting the pasta into boiling water and stirring it.",
        " Then in another pan adding sausage and onions and stirring it all together.",
        " Adding tomatoes and heavy cream to make it pasty.",
        " Finally adding the pasta to it, along with some cheese and parsley flakes and mixing it all together."
    ],
    "v_9jFyJhik9VM": [
        "A person goes windsurfing on a lime green board in a body of water.",
        " The person does a few spins."
    ],
    "v_9ku5v_hSVMw": [
        "A man squats and holds a bar over his head several times.",
        " A man in a red shirt watches him.",
        " He drops the bar on the ground in front of him."
    ],
    "v_9mL3eC5iizc": [
        "Two trains drive along an elevated rail in a city.",
        " The camera pans to show a man playing a harmonica while sitting on a log beside a river.",
        " A woman walks near the train tracks while a train drives by.",
        " The woman sees the harmonica playing man in the distance.",
        " She watches him and listens to him playing.",
        " She walks away leaving the man.",
        " The man finishes playing and remains seated."
    ],
    "v_9o_SlEkq-L0": [
        "A man is standing in a yard of green grass and is shown mowing the lawn and when he's done there is a short exchange of a hand handing his hand one dollar bill.",
        " The man is then shown moving the grass again and when he's done he's once again indoors and this time getting three one dollar bills handed to him.",
        " He is once again back in the yard but this time he has the container filled with cut grass and a special effect makes it look like the cut grass is jumping into his container.",
        " A special effect shows the man quickly in one place and then in another spot that varies a lot all throughout the yard.",
        " The man goes back to mowing the yard and then back indoors to get one more dollar handed to him.",
        " The man is very happy about this and he's back in the yard celebrating by jumping and mowing the yard a little more.",
        " The man is then back indoors and a special effect shows a bunch of money flying into the air and straight into his hands and ends with a the man holding a bunch of money in his hands as they move."
    ],
    "v_9pJZsi04xBk": [
        "Two teams play a game of indoor field hockey.",
        " Teams take shots on a goal keeper that are blocked.",
        " The referee starts and stops the game."
    ],
    "v_9qOfesI3bGE": [
        "A man is seated with an accordian on his lap.",
        " He pulls it in and out as he plays the keyboard with his other hand.",
        " He is shown with two different accordians as he continues to play."
    ],
    "v_9tAyfaBGwyg": [
        "A woman is drawing a hopscotch board on the ground in chalk.",
        " She stands up and walks to the front of the hopscotch board.",
        " She begins jumping on the board."
    ],
    "v_9wH6BIpe9X4": [
        "A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of her and another riding horses in a forest and beach.",
        " The women then run the horses along the beach while the camera captures them from several angles."
    ],
    "v_9wtMJoqGTg0": [
        "A girl performances some gymnastics stunts.",
        " A girl stands in place facing a lady.",
        " The girl holds up her hand.",
        " The girl turn around and climbs the gymnastic, wooden bar.",
        " With her hands on the bar, the girl lifts and splits her legs above her head.",
        " The lady moves a platform to the left side of the bar.",
        " The girl sits on the bar with her hand raised.",
        " The girl knees on the bar.",
        " The girl stands on the bar.",
        " The girl lifts off the bar and land on edge of the bar.",
        " The girl back flips three times.",
        " The girl takes two steps and front flips.",
        " The girl lifts of the bar and lands in the same position.",
        " The girl turns, jumps in place, and back flips.",
        " The girl turns and spins with hands raised.",
        " The girl steps forward, jumps and turns.",
        " The girls steps forward and front flips and lands at the edge.",
        " The girl back flips three times off the bar and lands on a blue mat."
    ],
    "v_9xtYwXpaiZ0": [
        "A shoe polishing machine sits in a living room.",
        " A man walks up to the shoe polishing machine a turns it on.",
        " The man wearing blue jeans begins bushing his black shoes.",
        " The man then begins brushing and polishing his brown shoes.",
        " The man approaches the shoe polishing machine and brushes his grey sneakers.",
        " The man crouches down and pulls out a dust bin from under the polishing machine."
    ],
    "v_A0H6JceDqlg": [
        "A man serves a tennis ball with a racket while he talks.",
        " The man bounces a ball and shows how to move the body, then he serves a ball.",
        " The man continues talking in the tennis court."
    ],
    "v_A8q6beSMpEE": [
        "A man is holding windex near his car door.",
        " The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window.",
        " The man rolls the window up.",
        " The man finishes and rolls the window down to wipe it some more."
    ],
    "v_A9uBPwP7DQc": [
        "We see astronauts floating in a ship.",
        " The man hands the lady the microphone.",
        " The middle man crosses his hands and has the microphone.",
        " The lady gets the microphone back and talks.",
        " The lady grabs flute and plays."
    ],
    "v_AA46-AbEGdk": [
        "There's a girl gymnast dressed in shiny blue leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in front of many spectators in a large gymnasium.",
        " She gets on the horse bar and begins to do front flips and back flips.",
        " Then she does  twisted backs flip while landing securely back on the horse bar.",
        " She continues her gymnastic moves and then securely jumps off the horse bar and lands on the ground.",
        " After she gets off the bar, she goes and hugs her coach.",
        " Slow motion actions of her gymnastic moves are replayed to show how she landed back on the ground from the horse bar.",
        " Then the gymnast walks past the where the panel of judges are seated."
    ],
    "v_ABMVo0NDhKo": [
        "A guy is standing on a beach flying a kite.",
        " The guy continuously looks away from the kite's position.",
        " A man approaches the guy."
    ],
    "v_ACki-MP9qdQ": [
        "This woman is showing viewers how she makes a cheesecake shot.",
        " First she puts 3 quarters of an ounce of Baileys and the same amount of pineapple juice.",
        " Then she puts a quarter ounce of another liquid and she gets a 2 ounce shot glass and strains the drink from the ice in the shaker to put it into the glass."
    ],
    "v_ADbp9ObJVxE": [
        "A man is in a worship, talking in front of a piece of wood.",
        " He sands the piece of wood down, then wipes sealant or stain onto the wood."
    ],
    "v_ADbpTpH4U7s": [
        "Various ingredients are shown laid out on a table and leads into a person putting items into a bowl.",
        " The person is then seen cutting up fruit and laying it into a bowl.",
        " She pours more liquid in and presents it to the camera."
    ],
    "v_AEQ9zIG9LqA": [
        "A man does several back flips on a red mat.",
        " A woman in a black shirt watches him go by and claps.",
        " He stands up and walks away."
    ],
    "v_AFs_aK0DY7E": [
        "A man jumps onto a balance beam.",
        " He does a gymnastics routine on the beam.",
        " He does a hand stand before jumping off onto a mat."
    ],
    "v_AGDsfpZQBIs": [
        "People are standing on a field of grass.",
        " A man holds a ball near his neck and spins around.",
        " He throws it onto the field."
    ],
    "v_AJ_QqCET1iY": [
        "A man jumps onto a balance beam.",
        " He does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.",
        " He dismounts and lands on a blue mat.",
        " He waves at the crowd and walks off."
    ],
    "v_APCbvR0SBl0": [
        "A person runs and throws a javelin.",
        " There are people watching them behind a fence.",
        " A green umbrella sits next to the track."
    ],
    "v_AQ2-EcbX4dE": [
        "A small group of people are seen standing around a large horse in a barn full of hay.",
        " The people brush the horse all along the sides when a woman comes out back to speak to them."
    ],
    "v_ARkMGkD2RDs": [
        "A dumbell appears on screen with the words \"Catalyst Athletics\" overlaid.",
        " A man lifts weights over his head in a gym.",
        "  A woman then lifts weights over her head.",
        " A \"Catalyst Athletics\" logo appears with social media links."
    ],
    "v_AU3_oU1_rfA": [
        "An eHow intro comes onto the screen with music in the background.",
        " I man appears on the screen narrating the video about how to shave.",
        " A man is shown getting his skin moisturized and having shaving cream buffed onto his face.",
        " The video ends with the eHow closing credits."
    ],
    "v_AUSqTMtjD0Y": [
        "A man and boy are outside on a driveway.",
        " They are competing to see how fast they can shovel snow off the driveway.",
        " They run back and forth as fast as they can."
    ],
    "v_AWAMhmc08Cw": [
        "Two children are seen sitting in a tub rubbing their faces and another person's hands interacting.",
        " The boy continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman."
    ],
    "v_AWXdK-ix3gQ": [
        "A gymaist stands holding is arm up and jumping onto a beam.",
        " He moves his arms and spins himself round and round on a set of bars.",
        " He does handstands and flips and jumps off to finish his routine."
    ],
    "v_A_4yI6vh03I": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " Instructions of how to pole vault is presented.",
        " A person holds a elongated, hollow stick.",
        " A guy runs with a elongated stick and uses it to elevate himself over a heighten hurdle.",
        "The top of the hurdle falls apart.",
        "  A man uses an elongated stick to elevate himself over a heighten hurdle.",
        " The credits of the video are shown."
    ],
    "v_AbVuOBhG634": [
        "A woman is standing outside, talking to the camera.",
        " She speaks extensively in her new york city location.",
        " At the end, a screen appears with contact information."
    ],
    "v_AbzyaqyFI0Y": [
        "A person is seen riding a kayak along a rough river and spinning himself around.",
        " More shots of him riding around shown and he continues to flip in the water."
    ],
    "v_AdnLY0a6yn0": [
        "A man is practicing indoors, he is doing intervals of jumping while running.",
        " Once he lands in the sand he goes back to start again.",
        " He does this over and over each time starting farther back.",
        " Then the practice is over and it's done."
    ],
    "v_AhWkUdag6NA": [
        "A woman opens her mouth and smiles at the camera.",
        " People are going by, water sailing.",
        " They spin and turn in the water as they sail."
    ],
    "v_AntmYynwbhQ": [
        "A woman in white shirt is posing with her short hair.",
        " A man in white shirt is cutting the hair of the girl in  a studio with white background, then he braided the back of her hair, then continue to cut and style the girl's hair."
    ],
    "v_AoRk69eieek": [
        "A man stands by a pole vault rig while a series of vaulters is shown attempting the vault with varying degrees of success.",
        " A group of people wearing white uniforms walk by in the background.",
        " Two people walk by in the background."
    ],
    "v_AoyoL-921Ws": [
        "A large yard is shown followed by a young child pushing a lawn mower around.",
        " The boy continues pushing the lawn mower around while the camera watches from the side.",
        " The boy moves the mower all along the yard."
    ],
    "v_Aq2w52hpwig": [
        "A person is seen sitting along the water with a close up of a paddle is shown.",
        " The camera pans around to another group of people sitting in a canoe across from them.",
        " More people are seen sitting in the water as well as boats along the water."
    ],
    "v_Aqx7rM9gZgg": [
        "A woman in a blue shirt stands next to a brown horse.",
        " She holds onto the horses red lead.",
        " She is brushing the side of the horse.",
        " She steps away from the horse and bends down.",
        " She picks up a larger brush and begins brushing the horse again.",
        " She is brushing the horses face and neck.",
        " She is brushing the horses front leg in a downward motion."
    ],
    "v_Ar3eaYtLlKI": [
        "A man puts dog treats into another man's hand.",
        " The man is walking a dog down the sidewalk.",
        " Someone else is walking behind them."
    ],
    "v_AsTfp_4Um1A": [
        "Two little girls take pack a suitcase and take a trip to New York City.",
        "Two little girls stand in a room dressed in costumes that later morph into ballerina outfits.",
        "  The two girls begin to dance together while singing or speaking into the camera.",
        "  The clip fades to the two girls folding and packing clothes in a suitcase in a bedroom in a house,  The girls pack tutus in a pink suitcase and then cut to them in a horse drawn carriage in the streets of New York,  talking and pointing to landmarks.",
        "  The trip ends and the two girls run into a building and then sing together on the edge of a water fountain before running off."
    ],
    "v_At7fzSxdiCg": [
        "A man is running down the track at a track and field competition.",
        " He begins to take some rapid steps to give himself so leverage for a jump he is trying to make.",
        " He takes off into the air as he begins the jump.",
        " He lands on the ground as he completes the jump."
    ],
    "v_AtUAYnNTniM": [
        "A man lifts a girl up over his head, then over his shoulder.",
        " He stands her on his hands, balancing her in the air as other watch.",
        " He drops then lifts her again."
    ],
    "v_AyWXuUCDSjw": [
        "We see an opening title screen.",
        " We see 5 men walking down the street sides by side.",
        " A man looks at the men.",
        " A lady looks at the men.",
        " Two men turn and look at each other.",
        " One man buys drinks as everyone stares at them.",
        " The five men drink their beers in one gulp.",
        " The men leave the bar drunk.",
        " We see a gray closing screen."
    ],
    "v_Ayix_aDOrzs": [
        "A girl is shown looking at several pictures of hairstyle and leads into another cutting one's hair.",
        " The kids sits patiently with a towel on her head and speaking to the camera.",
        " A goldfish is shown followed by a man cutting and styling her hair.",
        " The man cuts the girl's hair and styles it into an adorable look.",
        " The girl smiles and leaves the hair salon looking happy."
    ],
    "v_AzNHZyeXHBM": [
        "A woman is standing on a track talking.",
        " She jumps into a pile of sand.",
        " She is sprinting down the track.",
        " It shows her stretching and jumping into a pile of sand."
    ],
    "v_AzUK4Nwd-sY": [
        "Two people are seen riding around horses and leads into more people riding horses and walking around.",
        " A man leads another with a horse around a field while a dog runs around behind him.",
        " The camera interviews a man speaking to others while holding the horses."
    ],
    "v_B-nlhZ0RR4A": [
        "A man in a blue outfit puts chalk on his hands.",
        " A man in a yellow shirt is watching.",
        " The man in the blue outfit picks up a large weight and lifts it over his head.",
        " The crowd cheers for him.",
        " He gives a man in a suit a hug."
    ],
    "v_B0enQXEBfKk": [
        "A man and a woman set up to dance before an audience.",
        " The man and woman dance before the audience.",
        " The camera shows three judges of the event standing and clapping or pointing."
    ],
    "v_B2HIj_QWaG0": [
        "A woman is playing a violin on the street while various people walk around here and behind her.",
        " She smiles into the camera while playing and continues playing the song while several people bend down to tip her and walk around her."
    ],
    "v_B39pJK4FU1o": [
        "A lady is talking in an office and holding a pink item.",
        " the lady throws the pink item on a game board on the floor.",
        " She then jumps hopscotch and picks up the pink item.",
        " She throws it again and jumps again and returns picking up the pink item."
    ],
    "v_B3fiiuk0EqE": [
        "A man shovels snow from a driveway.",
        " The camera pans to show another man using an electric shoveling machine to clear show from his driveway.",
        " The man finishes clearing snow and turns to the camera."
    ],
    "v_B5s4uYNIM24": [
        "An intro comes onto the screen showing a high rise building.",
        " Then, a man is shown gearing up and putting on several contraptions that he can connect to a belt.",
        " He is then shown washing the windows of the very tall building.",
        " He uses a scrapper the scrape of a sticker from one of the windows.",
        " He is shows dipping a washer in a bucket and washing the windows of the ground floor.",
        " Several of the window washing supplies are shown again before the video ends."
    ],
    "v_B7Q1egUKmZg": [
        "A group of children play and practice basketball throws and techniques in an interior gym in front of coaches and other children.",
        "  A group of children take turns throwing orange and white balls in the net and running up to the net as well.",
        "  The coaches trail them as they play, at time, trying to block the throws using the hands."
    ],
    "v_BAgUUUOGaxI": [
        "A man is seen sitting in a busy city square playing an accordion while others watch.",
        " The man continues playing as people walk around and notice."
    ],
    "v_BC0cgv8YgTg": [
        "A cartoon network show is played.",
        "  A blue character chops a block but fails several times."
    ],
    "v_BCC6fxrmA9M": [
        "Three men are interviewed, one of whom plays the piano and sings for the interviewer and his camera crew in a narrow hallway.",
        "  Four men are in a room, three of whom are being interviewed by the fourth man who has blonde hair, is wearing glasses, and has a camera crew with him.",
        "  The interviewer leads one of the men into the hallway to a piano, where the man has a seat.",
        "  The man begins to play and sing as the camera crew, interviewer and onlookers watch, before the man ends the song, gets up and walks away."
    ],
    "v_BCzsVKHrN5Y": [
        "A large yard is seen covered in snow with a person walking into frame.",
        " The man is seen holding a shovel and begins pushing it around the area.",
        " The man clears out all the snow and shows off a path in the end."
    ],
    "v_BEA4YVQv7Wk": [
        "A camera pans around a large indoor pool and shows a man jumping off a diving board into the water.",
        " Several people are shown warming up and followed up by many jumping into the pool.",
        " A man instructs them on how to properly land in the water followed by several people jumping one at a time into the pool, including the camera man."
    ],
    "v_BERvPz1e_AU": [
        "Various athletes are seen standing together in the middle of a large stadium and leads into a woman throwing a shot put and then walking away.",
        " Several more people are seen walking up and throwing the object with a woman running with the american flag and standing on a podium with others."
    ],
    "v_BH9zsAu6OMQ": [
        "A woman stands on a track.",
        " She bends over on the track.",
        " She then runs down the track.",
        " She jumps and lands in the sand."
    ],
    "v_BII4aKnegaU": [
        "A small group of people are seen taking a spin class together that leads into a man speaking to the camera.",
        " Shots of the gym are shown that lead into another cycling class with the man leading the group and still speaking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_BIL1t2eQrDU": [
        "A man is shown talking to a camera followed by him and another woman standing near a volleyball net.",
        " The man throws the ball to the girl who bounces it back to him.",
        " He continues to speak and demonstrate various volleyball moves to do appropriately."
    ],
    "v_BJWL_X79HRc": [
        "Several men dreassed in lacrosse gear run onto a field.",
        " The opposing teams are shown in several clips, fighting and hitting the ball into each other's goals."
    ],
    "v_BK8yiRJkfcU": [
        "A large arena is seen with a person running by and pointing to the camera.",
        " Several shots are shown of the athlete playing football and leads into him standing.",
        " The man then runs down the field and long jumps into a sand pit and his jump is shown again."
    ],
    "v_BLLeQHgNmYc": [
        "Three people are seen standing on a lawn beginning to perform martial arts moves.",
        " The group moves around at the same time while looking away from the camera.",
        " They continue to move their arms and legs around together and end by holding s pose."
    ],
    "v_BMzspHz04Q8": [
        "A gymnast in a pink outfit stretches before starting routine.",
        " She jumps on the balance beam and balances herself.",
        " She begins her balance beam routine.",
        " She does several flips and somersaults.",
        " She is getting ready to dismount.",
        " She flips several times in the air during her dismount and lands perfectly."
    ],
    "v_BN3ejP3RbkQ": [
        "A man is sitting on a street.",
        " He is playing an instrument next to an open instrument case.",
        " People are passing on the sidewalk in front of him."
    ],
    "v_BOckSaGr-uI": [
        "A man in gray shirt is sitting on a chair.",
        "The man is pointing an empty canvas with his brush as he continue to talk.",
        " The man hold out his brush, dip the brush on the colors and began painting on the bigger canvas."
    ],
    "v_BVzW_OoUmnU": [
        "A boy is standing out in the woods holding a piece of bark and talking to the camera.",
        " A woman is seen making a stack of logs while the boy walks into frame.",
        " She continues lighting the stick until a flame begins and puts it into the fire.",
        " The fire gradually gets bigger and the woman puts more and more bark into it."
    ],
    "v_BWCMfPoKlMM": [
        "A large group of athletes are seen standing around a track while some holding their arms up to clap.",
        " One runner makes his way down the track and jumps into a large sand pit and walks away."
    ],
    "v_BY5mz30u5_8": [
        "A person is seen standing on a wake board point out and moving himself around.",
        " The camera follows him gliding out into the water gradually going further and further."
    ],
    "v_B_-jPPr2RLA": [
        "Two young boys stand on a residential driveway.",
        " The little boy plays hopscotch twice on the driveway.",
        " A little girl plays the game too and then follows the other children away from the driveway."
    ],
    "v_BadeHG8y4PQ": [
        "A man is holding a volleyball while standing on a court and speaking.",
        " Female players train and practice behind him while he speaks."
    ],
    "v_BbFCkDdq3S0": [
        "A boy runs slowly down a path.",
        " He takes a huge leap into the air.",
        " He lands in a giant sand pit."
    ],
    "v_BdAPzcdrk9g": [
        "A small group of people are seen standing on two sides of a net.",
        " The people then begin playing a game of badminton with one another.",
        " They continue to hit the birdie around while serving it to the other side and hitting it back."
    ],
    "v_BdKxwCdax_w": [
        "A man is standing in a room in front of a mirror talking.",
        " He gets down on his knees and stands on his head.",
        " He moves around in a circle on his head and spins."
    ],
    "v_BfSqo9ONd6g": [
        "There's a dirt biking event going on which is sponsored by Monster energy drink.",
        " There are several contestants participating in the event.",
        " One of the contestants falls off his bike and seems like he's injured.",
        " He gets up right away and walks to the corner."
    ],
    "v_BfTjydFBQJU": [
        "A small group of people are seen standing in a gym with a man leading in front.",
        " The man leads the group in an exercise class that involves a beam on the floor.",
        " The people move up and down the beam while the man claps and smiles at the group."
    ],
    "v_BfsCKU69hHs": [
        "A pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby clothing.",
        " The woman sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.",
        " The woman uses the iron on the other side of the clothing.",
        " The woman sets the iron aside."
    ],
    "v_Bg9hw5K-m6Q": [
        "A man is standing in his yard.",
        " He uses a brush to brush his very long hair.",
        " He brushes it from several different angles."
    ],
    "v_Bm6HrokioXU": [
        "A man is seen standing around with a large group of kids and leads into the kids play dodgbeall in a large gymnasium.",
        " A woman is seen speaking to the camera while more shots of the game are shown and the man speaking to the kids.",
        " They are all seen sitting together and the man interviews the kids in a classroom."
    ],
    "v_Bnw54GNBKlU": [
        "woman is sitting in a sidewalk talking to the camera next to a green bucket.",
        " woman is jumping on sidewalk playing trick.",
        " another woman is in the sidewalk jumping playing trick."
    ],
    "v_BoK5y7jdhzA": [
        "A lacrosse player wearing a white jersey and holding a lacrosse stick is talking about the positions of lacrosse.",
        " He is standing in a field that is next to a busy road with many cars passing by.",
        " He is demonstrating the various positions and ways of using the lacrosse stick with another man.",
        " He explains how the goals are scored in lacrosse."
    ],
    "v_BoKEPRjFydk": [
        "There are several athletes doing discus throw in an outdoor ring.",
        " The first athlete who is dressed in a red and white shirt begins the discus throw using a one and a half kilograms discus.",
        " He spins and rotates on the spot and throws the discus.",
        " Then another athlete throws the discus but in unsuccessful.",
        " The athlete in blue then makes his attempt at the discus throw as he swings and spins to throw the disc.",
        " Then another athlete who has won third place throws the discus successfully.",
        " Some more athletes come to the ring and throw the discus.",
        " The stadium bleachers are not filled with sufficient spectators due to security reasons."
    ],
    "v_BqjNfptu17Q": [
        "A guy stands on the shore of a beach holding a hockey stick balancing a ball.",
        " A hockey stick and a white ball lay on fake grass outside.",
        "  A person moves a white ball with a hockey stick.",
        " A person demonstrates ten field hockey techniques.",
        " A guy uses a hockey stick to bounce a ball in the air.",
        " Greetings and credits are shown."
    ],
    "v_Bri_myFFu4A": [
        "A person retrieves an instrument from a closet.",
        " The man examines the instrument in his hand.",
        " The person holds up the violin to his chin and gets ready.",
        " The person plays a song on the violin.",
        " The man finishes the song and lowers the instrument."
    ],
    "v_BuaWU70q7cE": [
        "A teenaged boy and his mother are sitting in bed dressed very relaxed and talking about how to wrap gifts.",
        " He gets side tracked on his phone and then gets back to business, they start cutting the wrapping paper.",
        " They put the presents in the middle of the paper and try to start wrapping.",
        " They seems to have different techniques as the son finishes much faster and mom's comes out looking a little bit better."
    ],
    "v_BvACPvbUq1k": [
        "A person is seen shoveling up some snow with the camera laid on his head.",
        " He shows several shots of him shoveling up the snow, a close up of his face, and panning around the area."
    ],
    "v_BxEnhkx2srY": [
        "A boy prepares to do a high jump in a gym.",
        " He takes off running with the high jump stick.",
        " he makes the jump and lands on the  safety pads."
    ],
    "v_BzhREL6ncq4": [
        "A gymnast exercise on the parallel bars while the coach give directions and fix a mat.",
        " Then, the gymnast spins on the high bar , then flip and fall stand on the mat."
    ],
    "v_C0OxaqCr_wk": [
        "A person is seen speaking while smoking a cigarette and blowing smoke out of their mouths.",
        " The person continues speaking while smoking the cigarette and gradually blowing smoke while she speaks."
    ],
    "v_C1TWr5XH8b0": [
        "Various text is shown across the screen and leads into a man speaking and more tools being shown.",
        " The man rubs the tools along his skin and points back and fourth to the vacuum while speaking."
    ],
    "v_C2KzNljiTIU": [
        "A woman is seated, brushing her hair with her back to the camera.",
        " She continues brushing with long strokes.",
        " She leans her head to one side, continuing to brush."
    ],
    "v_C53reDr47oU": [
        "A young child is shown rubbing glitter all over his lips and walking over to a mirror.",
        " He continues putting the gloss on his lips and smacking his lips and finally turning towards the camera to speak."
    ],
    "v_C6OmnTWhsEc": [
        "A man wearing a white shirt and frog pattern headgear touches his nipples while holding a recorder.",
        " The man brings the recorder to his right nostril.",
        " The man begins to play the recorder.",
        " The scene cuts to the man, having finished playing, bowing while touching his nipples."
    ],
    "v_C8fyaj592GA": [
        "Individuals stand behind black platforms awaiting instructions.",
        " Individuals are using dance moves to exercise using the platform.",
        " The people do jumping jacks to the right of the platform.",
        " The individuals do jumping jacks at the left of the platform.",
        " The lady who had been instructing the group continuously claps her hands and begins to leave."
    ],
    "v_C9yUg3e1dEg": [
        "A man is lifting a large weight over his head several times.",
        " A woman walks in front of him.",
        " A man in a black shirt stands behind him.",
        " Words come on the screen at the end."
    ],
    "v_CB0yYGVNcOk": [
        "A man is seen playing a saxophone into the camera and leads into him speaking.",
        " More shots are shown of him playing the instrument while pausing to play more.",
        " He continues playing along and ends by smiling to the camera."
    ],
    "v_CB41iJu4ZVY": [
        "A gymnast is seen standing ready with her arms up in the air in front of a large crowd.",
        " The girl then jumps up onto a beam and begins performing gymnastic tricks.",
        " The girl continues flipping and spinning around and ends with her jumping off to the side."
    ],
    "v_CD8FFj8AJE0": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him wiping down another man's back.",
        " He rubs in lotion and then stands up with the man.",
        " The man holds a mirror up to his back and smiles back to the artist."
    ],
    "v_CG-7jcSB5_c": [
        "A toddler holds a lacrosse stick, then he catches a ball with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor.",
        " Then, the toddler try to catch another ball, but it rolls under a chair.",
        " Next, the toddler catch a ball and throw to the floor and the ball bounce.",
        " After, the toddler catch the bouncing ball and throw to the backyard, then the toddler steps down a step."
    ],
    "v_CHkT4As5jZI": [
        "A bartender talks about how to make a proper cocktail.",
        " He grabs a glass and puts ice in the glass.",
        " He then mixes vodka and soda together in the glass.",
        " He grabs a lemon and puts it in the glass to finish."
    ],
    "v_CIAZbDkD0TE": [
        "A woman walks out of a kitchen and over to a steamer with her daughter behind her.",
        " She picks up her iron and begins to iron a pair of pants as the girl plays with a dress, and the woman has left the iron resting on the clothing.",
        " She irons the dress for the girl as she watches."
    ],
    "v_CIJp-SG3sWE": [
        "A girl walks to the edge of the diving board.",
        " The girl extends her hands.",
        " The girl dives into pool.",
        " The girl swims to the edge of the pool."
    ],
    "v_CIQ-mnURg9E": [
        "woman is standing in front of a screenboard.",
        " man is cooking chopping carrots and sautee the vegetables in a fying pan and serving it in bowls abd out the dressing and cheese while pople behind him are watching him cook."
    ],
    "v_CJKwvmOuhJk": [
        "A person is seen standing before a sink wearing gloves.",
        " The woman looks back to the camera and smiles while holding a toothbrush.",
        " She then turns back to the sink full of dirty dishes."
    ],
    "v_CLbEvGHmK8k": [
        "A group of people perform simple step aerobics out on a sunny day.",
        " The aerobics instructor has the class switch to a new aerobics move in which the group dances their arms out in front of them and incorporate clapping as they take steps.",
        " Their next move is placing their hands up towards the sky as they take a step."
    ],
    "v_COeXmBZpLSE": [
        "An intro to Dancing with the Stars shows followed by a man playing piano and a couple looking off into the distance.",
        " The woman begins playing the piano when the man standing plays and grabs her.",
        " They twirl around a large stage surrounded by hundreds of people watching them dance.",
        " The man picks her up and twirls her around the music and ends with audience clapping."
    ],
    "v_CP9NQpJD0-Y": [
        "A man sits in a room and discusses.",
        " The man holds up a coffee cup while talking.",
        " The man takes a few drinks from the coffee cup."
    ],
    "v_CQtu83639js": [
        "A camera pans outside of a building and looks into a dark room where a man is exercising and speaking to the camera.",
        " The man continues riding on the equipment while moving faster and slower and the camera pans around his movements."
    ],
    "v_CQweu0ZYNHU": [
        "Three men stand together wearing heavily padded clothing with suspenders.",
        " The two men on the end strike the one in the middle below the belt and he falls to the ground in pain.",
        " One of the men is seen from behind walking in a hallway.",
        " The man sits on a bmx bike on the top of a ramp getting ready.",
        " the man drops into the ramp and falls hard slamming on the bottom.",
        " The man does tricks and jumps on the ramp riding a bike.",
        " One of the men in purple rides through a skate board park wearing the padded suit.",
        " Another man in grey shirt rides a skateboard on the half pipe ramp and does tricks.",
        " The three men ride together on the large ramp in formation.",
        " The man in purple falls and is struck in the face with his skateboard."
    ],
    "v_CRKA3xPEKm8": [
        "man is standing in parallels doing gymnastics in a roofed gym.",
        " people is in teraces watching the man."
    ],
    "v_CXM1sXEMSWI": [
        "An introduction comes onto the screen for a funny video about beer drinking.",
        " Some guys in a room prepare to do a trick with a beer can.",
        " They perform the trick and a guy begins to chug the beer.",
        " Shortly thereafter, the guy begins throwing up all the beer into a trash can while everyone laughs."
    ],
    "v_CXP20cVQN30": [
        "People walk past the camera .",
        " The camera zooms in to show people swimming in the pool and some playing volleyball in the pool.",
        " One person gets out of the pool and walks away.",
        " A person throws the ball at someones face.",
        " People throw the balls so far that they go out of the pool."
    ],
    "v_CXSoih6nFME": [
        "A young child is seen adjusting the camera and showing off her face.",
        " She grabs some makeup and begins putting it all over her face.",
        " She continues putting on more makeup and showing it off to the camera."
    ],
    "v_CZRkT9Lno3k": [
        "An athletic woman is seen standing ready holding a pole in her hands and looking down and back.",
        " She then holds the stick up and pole volts herself onto a mat.",
        " She waves to the crowd and then walks away with others getting ready around her."
    ],
    "v_CZp3ZPTQrds": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by several pictures of bearded men.",
        " The man then begins using scissors on his face while holding up pieces of paper.",
        " The man continues to shave his face and ends by waving to the camera."
    ],
    "v_CbQPrRwG2BM": [
        "A young girl shows his long hair until the waist.",
        " Then, a hairdresser cuts short the hair of the the young girl.",
        " After, the girl shows her short and long hair and two braids."
    ],
    "v_Cb_R59_-0zU": [
        "A man starts doing different things such as sneezing,cooking,using the restroom,and washing his face indicating when to wash your hands.",
        "A female then comes along and walks to a sink in the kitchen and begins to lather her hands.",
        "She then turns on the faucet and rinses her hands,dries them,and puts the napkin in the trash can."
    ],
    "v_Ch_qHjUtOpE": [
        "Two women are standing on others' shoulders.",
        " They lift another woman into the air, balancing her between them before dropping her to be caught.",
        " However, the girls below are knocked to the ground."
    ],
    "v_CiryRTSYkC4": [
        "A person is seen gearing up while speaking to the camera and leads into him doing push ups.",
        " The man walks down a hallway with a women being introduced and leads into the two playing ping pong.",
        " The two continue playing and leads into the man holding up a basketball and the woman shocked."
    ],
    "v_Cjq9wf9XnX0": [
        "man is putting the lifts on a pole.",
        " man is standing in middle of a room in a gym lifting weight.",
        " a lot of different lifts are stacked in the gym."
    ],
    "v_CpTIytatsno": [
        "An athlete spins and throws a shot put on a large playing field of a stadium.",
        " The man celebrates and gives a thumbs up.",
        " A second athlete in grey shirt throws a shotput.",
        " The ball lands in the grass and the man is disappointed in the throw and walks away.",
        " A large man in yellow shirt and headband spins and throws a shut put that veers to the left of the field.",
        " The man is pleased with his shot and pumps his fist.",
        " The man gives high fives to his team mates.",
        " A rack of balls are seen in the grass behind scores for the game.",
        " The man awaits his score standing on the track among other athletes in the background."
    ],
    "v_CrCtYGvG9Uw": [
        "A man is talking to a camera about his hair.",
        " Another man comes in and begins cutting the first boy's fair.",
        " He brushes his hair and cuts through it with a fine comb.",
        " The stylist performs various styles and techniques on the hair.",
        " The stylist puts gel in the hair and the boy is finished with his cut."
    ],
    "v_CrnNXizH0IQ": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera while pointing to various tools and wooden objects in front of him.",
        " The man unhooks the side followed by sanding it down on the side.",
        " The man then takes a screwdriver and drills in holes while stopping to sand it and show it to the camera."
    ],
    "v_Cu8kOOnAjaw": [
        "A dog is close to the camera, play fighting with another dog.",
        " They jump off a man's lap, then back on again as they continue to play.",
        "The man puts his glasses back on as the dogs calm down and lie down on his lap."
    ],
    "v_CvVqbdk6owc": [
        "A groip of dancers are on stage doing a routine for the audience.",
        " The car show shows the inside of some pretty neat cars with beautiful exteriors.",
        " Another group of dancers take turns break dancing on their heads.",
        " They go one by one and are circled by and audience watching around them."
    ],
    "v_CvhSPJ0sBCk": [
        "Two people are shown parasailing together across ocean water.",
        " They move their sails around as they go."
    ],
    "v_CwvtmoTWNgQ": [
        "A windsurfer rides along choppy water across a canal with other riders in the background.",
        " The makes a turn of direction on his windsurfing board and pumps back and forth to maneuver it.",
        " A group of windsurfers ride together around a small dingy boat."
    ],
    "v_D32TzYSHM08": [
        "A man ball rolls across a baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks the ball and runs around the bases.",
        " The boy stops and looks at the camera then starts running again.",
        " A person runs in front of the camera.",
        " The boy makes it to home as a lady chases a ball to the fence."
    ],
    "v_D84XQFQ4tsU": [
        "A body of water is shown.",
        " A person takes a lid off of a pot.",
        " They show a camp site with a tent.",
        " They put a cloth into the bucket."
    ],
    "v_D9DdNf-TIO8": [
        "A bird is sitting on a bar over a bath tub.",
        " A dog is in the bathtub getting a shower.",
        " A person is rubbing soap into the dogs fur.",
        " The dog shakes itself off."
    ],
    "v_DDZFQKi1v2U": [
        "A woman is seen laying on the couch with another girl sitting above her.",
        " The girl is then shown piercing the nipple of the girl laying down.",
        " She finishes the piercing and ends by smiling to the camera."
    ],
    "v_DEVD2oszH48": [
        "A gymnast gets ready and stretches out before an event.",
        " The gymnast runs then tumbles down a platform during an Olympic game finally landing on a padded mat.",
        " A large crowd applauds the performance.",
        " Other gymnast look on and nod with approval.",
        " A replay shows the gymnasts performance in slow motion.",
        " The gymnast sits with her coach and is congratulated."
    ],
    "v_DEt_Xgg8dzc": [
        "A person jumps and land on the sand.",
        " A man runs fast and jumps high to land on the sand, then stand and goes skiping to his sit, while people walk in the stadium.",
        " A man talks sitting in an elegant room.",
        " A man pass on front the crowd, then jumps and bend on the floor to celebrate.",
        " Three athletes stand on the podium, then a man runs and jumps to land on the sand."
    ],
    "v_DFOoFr2H-24": [
        "A man is seen playing an instrument while another watches in the background.",
        " He pauses to speak to a large group of boys and continues playing the instrument, blowing wind into their smoke.",
        " The boys watch in amazement and bends down closely to another boy."
    ],
    "v_DHfiz3MNbcc": [
        "A young lady with burnette hair is standing behind a black counter in a bar with several alcohol on it.",
        "She then grabs a clear glass and puts ice in it.",
        "Next comes the liquor and she pours,orange juice and syrup in it and the drink is complete."
    ],
    "v_DLfOiuxMstg": [
        "A envelope with a key on it is shown.",
        " A woman wraps a book in brown paper.",
        " A woman in a gray sweater is talking.",
        " A woman waves at the camera.",
        " They finish wrapping the book and put the envelope on the front of the package.",
        " The words thank you is stamped inside a book."
    ],
    "v_DMw9Cb_Xy2A": [
        "A man shoots an arrow with his bow.",
        " He grabs another arrow and shoots again.",
        " Once more, he shoots an arrow.",
        " He finds another arrow and shoots.",
        " He takes another shot of an arrow.",
        " Another arrow is grabbed and he shoots.",
        " He takes another one and shoots it.",
        " He grabs another arrow from his waist and shoots again.",
        " He shoots an arrow once more.",
        " He grabs a final arrow and shoots.",
        " A person walks towards the hay where the arrows have been shot."
    ],
    "v_DOfpOkDHe_8": [
        "A girl is standing in her home with her hands behind her back and her legs shoulder width apart.",
        " The girl then firmly drops her hands to her side, brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves.",
        " The girl ends her routing a little further from the point she started and firmly drops her hands to her side and does a little bow, then opens her legs shoulder length apart and goes back into the same position as she was in when she started.",
        " After she is done holding the position for a while the girl relaxes and then walks away."
    ],
    "v_DQXJ8OU7Ox4": [
        "An introduction comes onto the screen for a female weight lifting competition.",
        " One of the female weight lifters is shown on the screen as she goes through several increasing levels of lifts one by one.",
        " When she finally reaches a weight that is too heavy for her to lift, she leaves the challenge."
    ],
    "v_DR2sW3Wd8fo": [
        "A video of the swan lake ballet is shown.",
        "  They perform the act and interview some of the cast."
    ],
    "v_DVsLkoQijV4": [
        "Two girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game.",
        "The other team is shown on the other side of the net and they serve the ball.",
        "Both of the girls begin to play,hits the ball back over and the girl cheers as they gain a point."
    ],
    "v_DWVI_N4Aeo8": [
        "A diving is seen standing ready with his arms out to the side.",
        " The man then performs an impressive dive and is followed by several clips of other people diving."
    ],
    "v_DWal5PJry6k": [
        "A doctor went inside the room, then she wash her hands, wipe her hands with paper towel.",
        " A medical practitioner is washing her hand with soap and water, while the other medical practitioner in white coat is on her phone.",
        " A man in yellow coat is washing his hands, then the man in blue shirt is giving interview."
    ],
    "v_DXG4djsPk7s": [
        "A person is wind surfing out on a lake.",
        " Other windsurfers pass behind him."
    ],
    "v_Db6sq4DjW7E": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " A coach instructs players in a basketball court.",
        " The credits of the video are shown."
    ],
    "v_DbF6oI705UA": [
        "A lady wearing a UCA jersey is giving a tutorial on the different moves of cheer leading.",
        " As she talks, several cheerleaders show the different poses and stretches that are often done by cheerleaders to improve flexibility.",
        " The lady continues to explain how certain poses help in improving general flexibility in cheerleaders."
    ],
    "v_DgdEQgh8TKU": [
        "A man is seen standing by the water holding an axe in one hand and a block of wood in the other.",
        " The man continues cutting wood while the camera pans to other people in the room and a woman speaking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_Djlmto9iibw": [
        "A dog is swimming in a small pool.",
        " He is being rubbed with shampoo.",
        " He is back in the water getting cleaned.",
        " A person is spraying the dog with a hose.",
        " The dog is then put in a metal pen."
    ],
    "v_DlE6Rtuo__o": [
        "A close up of a tattoo artist is seen drawing along a person's leg.",
        " The artist continues drawing all over the person's leg while looking up every once in a while to the camera."
    ],
    "v_DmTI8y6Anvo": [
        "A basketball player is seen jumping under a basketball ball net and shooting a ball continuously at the net.",
        " She continues shooting and the video ends with various text across the screen."
    ],
    "v_DmaPpBMsuXg": [
        "A person is seen standing in the middle of a gym holding a tennis racket.",
        " The person then begins hitting a birdie across the gym.",
        " The person continuously hits the object back and fourth while looking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_DqHWMWY-r1o": [
        " A person throw a heavy in an stadium full of people, then people measure where the ball landed.",
        " Then, the man walks while reporters and cameramen follow him on the field.",
        " After, the man puts on a long sleeve shirt while a cameraman film him."
    ],
    "v_DqT3NrqisLk": [
        "A close up of a person's feet are seen as well as text on the screen.",
        " The person is seen taking the laces off and running the shoes under water.",
        " The person mixes ingredients into a bowl and scrubs the shoes using the tooth brush.",
        " She then sticks the shoes in the wash and shows them off afterwards."
    ],
    "v_Ds-LrRrLj9c": [
        "A little girl wearing a brown bow is standing in front of the sink brushing her teeth.",
        "The little girl,then turns the water on and spits several times in the sink.",
        "Finally,she puts the brush down,rinses her mouth and dries it with a brown towel."
    ],
    "v_DsnVkCHbEVM": [
        "A series of screen flashes and it shows statistics about driving drunk and when to take breaks driving.",
        "After, a group of about forty individuals are in a large pool playing water polo.",
        "The people take turns going back and forth throwing the ball and a person finally makes a goal."
    ],
    "v_DthkauVLag0": [
        "A man is shown smiling and talking into the camera and holding a young boy up on a sink.",
        " The man holds the boys eyes open while he laughs and brushes his teeth."
    ],
    "v_DvtfiPvPhZ8": [
        "A man and woman is seen walking onto a large stage away from one another.",
        " The two then begin performing a tango routine with one another.",
        " The man lifts the woman all around while they continue dancing and end by holing a pose."
    ],
    "v_DxNIzbD6uD4": [
        "A woman is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large exercise bar and begins standing on the equipment while speaking and using her hands.",
        " The woman continues to demonstrate how to properly execute the exercises while moving her arms and legs back and fourth."
    ],
    "v_DzCVpvVJCo8": [
        "A girl is seen laying down on a table while a man wearing gloves holds scissors to her belly button.",
        " He then pierces the girl's stomach and she sits up and walks away in the end smiling."
    ],
    "v_DzCk5xjSF9o": [
        "A lady in white stripes shirt is standing next to a young boy, they are standing at the counter, they cut the side of the bread, put spread on it, roll the bread in a plastic, cut the side of the bread, put meat on the bread, shredded the cheese, roll the bread in the plastic.",
        " The woman sliced the plastic with bread in it then put it in a rectangle plate."
    ],
    "v_DzdNjXensv0": [
        "A group of people are gathered outdoors at a market.",
        " People walk by looking at all the wares.",
        " A dog appears, as people continue to bustle."
    ],
    "v_E-bv464MTsQ": [
        "A large group of people riding horses are walking around each other on a large field.",
        " One of them throws a ball onto the field and the people begin playing a game on their horses."
    ],
    "v_E0xXymnjDkc": [
        "People are standing outside playing volleyball.",
        " A man in a black shirt is talking to someone.",
        " A man in a gray shirt has his hands on his hips."
    ],
    "v_E4AoMNfsuaw": [
        "A little girl in a diaper uses a small vacuum.",
        " She is vacuuming dirt out from under a chair in a living room.",
        " She uses the brush to suck up dirt on the floor."
    ],
    "v_E4ItlgO16LI": [
        "A male gymnast in a blue outfit applies chalk dust to his hands.",
        " An infographic appears, showing his name to be Danell Leyva from the USA.",
        " He steps up to a parallel bars and waves.",
        " He performs his routine, executing many flips and handstands.",
        " He dismounts badly, falling over and landing on his back beside the mat.",
        " He steps back onto the mat and briefly raises his arms."
    ],
    "v_E4PIKUW4v0k": [
        "A man and a woman stand on a street talking on front a window.",
        " A person passes on front the man and the woman.",
        " People pass on front the woman and the man."
    ],
    "v_E4yf1mz4ij0": [
        "An athlete is seen walking into a circle and preparing himself to throw a shot put.",
        " The man throws the object several times after spinning around and several people watching on the sidelines."
    ],
    "v_E50d5qFvzOI": [
        "A video begins showing a man and woman holding each other and moving back and fourth.",
        " The couple moves their feet back and fourth while the man speaks to the camera.",
        " The woman eventually speaks the camera while performing several different dance moves for the camera to see."
    ],
    "v_E5SWUUNrHDU": [
        "Various tools and products are laid out on a table and transitions into a man walking in front of a mirror and putting lotion on his face.",
        " He then puts cream on his face and shaves all around his face.",
        " He then wipes his face down with a rag and walks away from the mirror."
    ],
    "v_E9hFBWDR12A": [
        "person is walking inside a house to an open field holding a baseball bat.",
        " perso is walking with a handle stick behind some men running around the field.",
        " some papers are shown and women selling lacrosse tshirts, in a game, people are gathered around the field.",
        " players walks from the dressing rooms and are in the field playig.",
        "players are stading in line clapping at the end of the game, results are shown in the end."
    ],
    "v_EAp9xQx2o6k": [
        "People warm out raising the hands and bending.",
        " Then, people work out doing stepper workout putting a feet each time.",
        " After, people turn before step on the stepper."
    ],
    "v_EBOT5e2xAoQ": [
        "The video leads into several clips of track runners jumping over a bar with their jump being shown again in slow motion.",
        " Several more people are shown jumping over the bar with one hitting the bar and not jumping over."
    ],
    "v_ECjumI_otNw": [
        "A group of cheerleaders perform doing a tower, then the cheerleaders jump down.",
        " After, the cheerleaders jump, flip and does cartwheels.",
        " Next, the cheerleaders form human towers and dance together."
    ],
    "v_EDEFxLnf_Wk": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " People are spinning on exercise bikes.",
        " The credits of the video are shown."
    ],
    "v_EE2nFMHRacg": [
        "A group of elderly people are seated on chairs outside.",
        " A man is playing a tune using a stick and a saw.",
        " The men next to him are holding instruments, waiting their turn."
    ],
    "v_EL47wkhiOq8": [
        "The young boy serve the shuttlecock but it hit the net.",
        " The older man serve the ball and the kid missed it.",
        " An older woman in gray shirt serve the ball and the girl in red hit it."
    ],
    "v_EO9ZKeBSGSw": [
        "A girl in a baseball uniform is standing at the end of a hopscotch game.",
        " A girl in a red shirt is playing hopscotch.",
        "  A ball player is playing hopscotch.",
        " The girls laugh at each other."
    ],
    "v_EPCb-f6yQxA": [
        "Various mountain scenery is shown from different angles.",
        " A soldier plays a bagpipe in a mountain scene."
    ],
    "v_EPql2nTJb9I": [
        "A man and woman are standing an a kitchen.",
        " The woman is chopping up various vegetables on a white tray."
    ],
    "v_ERVK6vQbor4": [
        "A man in a gym is donning a pair of boxing gloves.",
        " He begins punching the bag, going around in circles as he does so.",
        "  He continues punching, then we see a slight view of a man jumping rope."
    ],
    "v_ERcMdKNF_pc": [
        "A gymnast prepares to mount a beam.",
        " He mounts, then spins and flips several times.",
        " He dismounts, raising his arms into the air."
    ],
    "v_ERmsX91_7V4": [
        "A person is seen running onto a court and shooting a basketball.",
        " The man is shown in several clips running down and scoring a basket.",
        " The man continues to shoot hoops over and over again."
    ],
    "v_ESsUwNlkJoo": [
        "The letters RPM appear on the screen.",
        " A room is filled with people riding exercise bikes.",
        " They go as fast as they can, advertising a fitness gym."
    ],
    "v_EU-IdUKbLSg": [
        "A large group of people are seen swimming around a pool while a coach yells on the sides.",
        " Shots of people playing are shown when one hits the other.",
        " The coaches yell to one another while people still play the game."
    ],
    "v_EVSuDXeNUYQ": [
        "The cheer leading team walked towards the stage, while in the audience, their teammates, who are wearing red and white uniforms are cheering.",
        " The team started their cheer dance, where women are stood up on the the men's hands, they did pinwheels, jumped in the air, held some banners in the air, jumped high in the air and fell on their teammate's arms."
    ],
    "v_EVcn8N-YxtI": [
        "Two people are seen performing tango moves slowly while text appears on the screen.",
        " The woman then does the same moves by herself while the man and woman's silhouette is shown beside them.",
        " Then the man performs his moves alone and leads into the couple performing again."
    ],
    "v_EVfTWz5GRGw": [
        "A bottle of deep cleansing gel is shown.",
        " A woman holds up the bottle, Then is shown using several different solutions that she lines up together on the counter.",
        " She uses each on her face, then rinses them off."
    ],
    "v_EWt03pUigc0": [
        "There's a news reporter dressed in a pink floral dress and a white jacket giving an update on sports news.",
        " She shows events of the London Paralympics.",
        " She is showing the viewers the different events such as shoot put, swimming and running and the gold medals that were won in these events.",
        " While the news is being telecast, there are captions on the bottom about current events.",
        " She also shows the viewers all the medals that are won by all countries that participated in the Paralympics."
    ],
    "v_EcQ7DcVefdw": [
        "A middle eastern news caster is talking about a recent event in another language.",
        " The scene switches to show group of people at an event of some kind.",
        " The people at the event are shown polishing shoes.",
        " A man in a red shirt is being interviewed while it shows others at the event on the split screen.",
        " The scene switches back to just the event with the newscaster talking over the footage."
    ],
    "v_EfQtRtIFGVo": [
        "A woman shows off her nails followed by several clips of nails being painted by a brush.",
        " The brush makes several lines on the nails and shows celebrities with fashionable nails.",
        " The video speeds up and shows off several different designs for nail polish and examples."
    ],
    "v_EhxFw5Eb1VE": [
        "The male athlete is standing by the two poles, raised his arms up, then jumped on the poles with his arms, while under him, a man pull out a red beam.",
        " The athlete perform his exhibition on the poles, he stand on his arms while his feet and legs are extended straight up in the air, he turns around, swirl, jumped and twist around then jumped on the mat, standing straight."
    ],
    "v_EjRE-fbECtg": [
        "A man in white shirt and gray shorts is standing at the center of the court, while young people in black tops and black shorts are standing behind him.",
        " The young people where standing in a triangle form, the young man at the center start to perform by having his arms up then jump and do it again and some of the girls followed what he is doing."
    ],
    "v_EjUMR9v_8Pg": [
        "A man and a woman are sitting down talking on a bench in front of a wall with several rims.",
        "The two then stand up and begin talking and you can see that they are in a junk yard.",
        "Finally,they begin dancing together and do rugged hip hop dance moves suited for the environment."
    ],
    "v_Eo3PUIfZSJU": [
        "A gymnast performs on the vault on front a crowd, she flips and falls from the vault.",
        " Then, the gymnast jumps, flips but staggers during her performance.",
        " The gymnast performs backward flips, then  she continues with her routine.",
        " Next, the gymnast jumps and does a double flip and land stands on the mat."
    ],
    "v_EoQgUlLb3U4": [
        "A man turns his body around, preparing to throw his discus.",
        " The man throws the discus really hard.",
        " The man watches ahead after his discus."
    ],
    "v_EpLRCz5dwb0": [
        "A woman starts running down a track.",
        " She throws a javelin onto the field.",
        " She gives someone behind her a high five."
    ],
    "v_ErEr4Sxdprw": [
        "A man is in the gym in tight he bends over picks up a weight over his head and drops it back down.",
        " He walks back and loosens up before walking back up and doing it again adding more weight.",
        " He does this multiple times adding more and more weight to the rack.",
        " He finally lifts 374 pounds and calls it quits."
    ],
    "v_EsOajUNpEzU": [
        "A man talks while holding  bagpipes.",
        " He then plays the bagpipes.",
        " The man moves his fingers to change the sound while he plays."
    ],
    "v_EsYsshh2CyA": [
        "A bartender begins speaking to the camera and pours ice into a glass.",
        " She think instructs to mix rum and lemon juice into the glass and an ounce of different rum.",
        " Finally she mixes grenadine with some sweet and sour mix with soda water.",
        " Finally she mixes all the components together and creates a nice alcoholic beverage."
    ],
    "v_Et8xkGzQOTA": [
        "A man in a black hat is standing on the street.",
        " A person starts dancing on the street.",
        " A man starts break dancing in front of a car."
    ],
    "v_EwMAJPldfKs": [
        "A young lady with a grey jacket on is standing in front of a sink lathering her hands.",
        "She then turns the water on and begins to rinse her hands and flex her fingers to make sure all of the soap is off.",
        "After that is done,she grabs a white towel,dries her hands and wipes her mouth."
    ],
    "v_ExMpLopi9ug": [
        "Gymasts are standing in a competition room.",
        " A man mounts a beam.",
        " He begins to spin, flips, and do several tricks.",
        " He dismounts, raising his arms into the air and bowing."
    ],
    "v_F12ga-do744": [
        "A large man is seen standing on a large mat walking forward and screaming to the audience.",
        " The man then lifts the bar up then back down and screams out loud.",
        " The same clips is shown again immediately afterwards."
    ],
    "v_F1RpG1Vwi28": [
        "There's a bald man with a goatee beard standing in his bathroom in front of a large mirror with an electric shaver in his hand.",
        " He is demonstrating how to shave off his beard and maintain it.",
        " Then he begins showing how to use the trimmer for his beard by adjusting the clipper size.",
        " He completely shaves his beard off.",
        " He then touches his skin to see how clean the shave is.",
        " He removes the hair off of the shaver and cleans it."
    ],
    "v_F2x2fynkbAQ": [
        "A man dips a rag into a black container.",
        " He begins wiping a shoe with the rag.",
        " He picks up a brush and begins using that to brush the shoe."
    ],
    "v_F4FpAZJSV1g": [
        "man is in a racetrack running to make a high jump into the dust.",
        " woman is putting numbers in a scoeboard.",
        " man is running in the middle of the field."
    ],
    "v_F4GwrEQUvDc": [
        "An athlete runs with a stick, then he shoot the javelin and walks away in a stadium.",
        " Then, a man holds a javelin and runs to throw the javelin, then another athlete also shoot the javelin."
    ],
    "v_F5IWShcFIN4": [
        "A storm trooper is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a camera panning around a neighbor and the man walking around.",
        " Many kids stop to speak to the man as well as cars stopping to speak."
    ],
    "v_F7V-FqgG3T8": [
        "Two men are standing in a room playing a game of tennis.",
        "Behind the man,there is a row of kids sitting against the wall where a row of kids are watching them play.",
        "The game continues,the child holds his own until the adult ends up hitting it and the kid is not able to return the ball."
    ],
    "v_F8pv5rFrEm4": [
        "We see gymnasts in a gym on each other shoulders.",
        " They then begin an aerobic dance.",
        " The people walk to their steps and step on them.",
        " The people moves the steps to the center of the room.",
        " A lady does a split on the floor and they finish.",
        " The ending title appears on the screen."
    ],
    "v_FBtrv1Vg8hU": [
        "A young woman on a white horse is shown riding through the field.",
        "The lady is then shown exercising on a blue mat doing several yoga stretches.",
        "After,she is pictured in her home talking while sitting on the couch.",
        "Finally,the screen returns and she is shown in horseback riding in the field going through the stable."
    ],
    "v_FCKkV9mYuI4": [
        "A group of men are talking in a room.",
        " Several fighting scenes are shown from a martial arts movie.",
        " They move quickly, pretending to fight for the camera."
    ],
    "v_FDIYymZEFi0": [
        "A young boy is seen pouring soap into his hands and scrubbing his hands above a sink.",
        " He then grabs a paper towel and dries off his hands."
    ],
    "v_FFCmoQp_xVA": [
        "A man stands behind a bar talking to the camera.",
        " The man holds a  drink up and puts it down.",
        " The man adds ice to a glass and two shots of  a red liquor then another.",
        " The man puts a strainer on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick.",
        " The man pours it into a martini glass.",
        " The man smiles and holds the drink in the air."
    ],
    "v_FI_1dsErIXE": [
        "A man holds a yellow canister as he clears a wood board.",
        " He sprays the wood with the yellow canister.",
        " He takes a rag and cleans the wood.",
        " He speaks as he showcases the wood and presses his fingers on the board."
    ],
    "v_FIzlf7jdsUY": [
        "Pictures of people's hair is shown.",
        " A woman in a pink shirt has pictures of her hair.",
        " Words come on the screen at the end."
    ],
    "v_FKAlXR9NkKw": [
        "A lady walks down a hall while carrying a bucket of cleaning supplies.",
        " A lady cleans a window with newspapers.",
        " The lady sprays the newspaper.",
        " The ingredients to make the spray is shown.",
        " The lady sprays the window."
    ],
    "v_FMXPFrZYhes": [
        "A male athlete is outside in a field surrounded by people and begins to spin around and throws a shot put.",
        "The crowd begins to cheer and the man throws his hands up jumps in happiness."
    ],
    "v_FNHoSA0hLgM": [
        "An older boy and a younger one are on a racquetball court.",
        " They hit the ball back and forth against the wall.",
        " They continue fighting over the ball, trying to beat each other in the game."
    ],
    "v_FOF8YgUhRNA": [
        "A shot of a glass being poured is shown and leads into a woman speaking to the camera.",
        " The woman holds a glass and mixes various liquids into the glass.",
        " The tops it off with a lemon and slides the drink closer and still speaking."
    ],
    "v_FPbPkjLAEzs": [
        "A man is parasailing on the ocean.",
        " Other people also begin sailing in the water, some falling over."
    ],
    "v_FRag7CCTP4k": [
        "An athlete is shown warming up in front of a pole while several others in the background run around a track.",
        " The man eventually prepares for his jump and jumps over the pole.",
        " He swings his arms up to celebrate and others around him clap for him."
    ],
    "v_FRjVP5r9rqc": [
        "An elderly woman pans to the camera and does various hand movements on the floor.",
        " The woman grabs several items of clothing and shows how she washes them in the sink.",
        " She holds a bar of soap and rubs it all over the clothes and dips it into the water.",
        " She continues cleaning the clothes off in the water and showing how she cleans her clothes."
    ],
    "v_FSU0YVLCoSc": [
        "A person's hands are seen close up on a tool and begins moving the handle around and taking the tool apart.",
        " The person unscrews some items and tightens the inside and moves the screwdriver around while holding the tool."
    ],
    "v_FUrLg7FETWo": [
        "A woman is seen swinging an ax down on a log while another man watches on the side.",
        " Another woman takes off the log and the girl prepares to swing.",
        " She swings the ax again and looks back smiling to the camera."
    ],
    "v_FWPJWq-uhUw": [
        "An athletic man wearing a track suit and a bib number 171 is walking on a track and warming himself up.",
        " The man then grabs his necklace, puts it in his mouth and begins clapping above his head and a name below appears and it say's IRVING SALADINO.",
        " The man drops the necklace from his mouth and immediately begins to run and does his hop, skip and jump.",
        " Replays of the man's run and jump play and the man is shown celebrating himself, and with others on the field."
    ],
    "v_FbPUX8cWmeU": [
        "A young lady dressed in a pink leotard and tuto begins prancing around a large stage.",
        "As she continues her routine,she continues doing ballet leaps and swinging her arms and twisting like a ballerina.",
        "Behind,her a castle appears cast on the wall as the girl smiles and looks out to the crowd."
    ],
    "v_Fde_qSwXRzY": [
        "Two boy scouts are seen standing and speaking to a large group of people and attempting to light a match.",
        " One cups his hands and creates a flame using oxygen and puts the flame into a pit."
    ],
    "v_Fe-DUewB8ok": [
        "A child boxes a gloved adult kneeing on the floor.",
        " The child also practices karate kicks.",
        " The adult and child high five with gloved hands.",
        " The adult starts to get off the floor."
    ],
    "v_FeXBmKYV8HY": [
        "A woman reporting is speaking to a camera with a serious demeanor.",
        " A man unzips his violin from the bag and plays a little bit for the camera while the reporter commentates.",
        " He begins to struggle playing with his condition, and shows surgery on how to fix him.",
        " The reporter claims that the man is better than ever and shows his progress playing a violin in a show."
    ],
    "v_FiJi18WpPe8": [
        "A girl in a blue and plaid school uniform stands in a school bathroom brushing her teeth and primping in the mirror.",
        "  The girl begins facing the camera and brushing her teeth, leaning in to the camera at one point before leaning back to continue brushing teeth.",
        "  The girl then turns towards the bathroom mirror and spits into the bathroom sink, then returns to brushing teeth and facing the camera again.",
        "  The girl then moves to another sink that is further back in the bathroom, plays with her hair, primps in the mirror, all while another girl in a school uniform enters the bathroom and walks into a bathroom stall."
    ],
    "v_Fi_ja3Urdtg": [
        "A man is talking from behind a bar.",
        " He shows off several kinds of bottles and taps.",
        " He shows how to mix a drink which he serves to a woman."
    ],
    "v_FjMeS0FCvas": [
        "A man lifts up a large pitcher of beer and starts drinking it.",
        " People sitting around a table cheer him on.",
        " The man puts his hands in the air and laughs.",
        " The people around the table start pumping their hands in the air.",
        " The man claps his hands."
    ],
    "v_FjZKKAEEHbY": [
        "A young woman is seen standing next to a horse and speaking to a small group.",
        " She pushes the horse a bit and begins brushing it's tail while still speaking to the group.",
        " She stops brushing while speaking to the group and walking away."
    ],
    "v_FkSf3pxra3M": [
        "Many judges sit around a field, waiting the performance of an athlete.",
        " An athlete approaches the field area.",
        " The athlete spins his body around and tosses a disc with maximum force."
    ],
    "v_FkWlzk8CrxA": [
        "A woman in a white shirt is talking to the camera.",
        " A man and the woman start to dance together.",
        " She raises her arm and he twists her around."
    ],
    "v_FkWxS_5VxsM": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " A polished hands takes a piece of tape.",
        " The polished hands puts a piece of tape at the edge of a brown object.",
        " The hand paints turquoise polish on the tape.",
        " The hand cuts the the polished tape in strips.",
        " The hand puts the strip on a polished nail.",
        " The hand paints the nail with clear nail polish.",
        " The hand rubs a soaked cotton ball on a fingernail so the polish is removed.",
        " The credits of the video are shown."
    ],
    "v_Flh-37A4HWY": [
        "A person holds a coffee mug in a pool of koi.",
        " The koi swim towards the coffee mug."
    ],
    "v_FmugQfHQ4p0": [
        "Two vacuums appear in a gray room.",
        " One of the vacuums disappears.",
        " A lady vacuums her house then empties the vacuum.",
        " The lady puts the vacuum in a closet.",
        " We see a room full of  desks and engineers designing products.",
        " Three Dyson fans swivel toward the camera."
    ],
    "v_FoPNGc6Lg8k": [
        "A woman is completing a routine in the olympics on the balance beam.",
        "  She jumps up and down gracefully and then falls for a bit of a point deduction.",
        "  She finishes her routine and gets a hug from her coach."
    ],
    "v_FrVitupq7sQ": [
        "Two men are seen standing on a tennis court holding rackets and speaking to the camera.",
        " Several slow motion scenes are shown performing a correct tennis serve with the men demonstrating right after.",
        " The men do this for several turns with one slow motion of a man performing the trick done afterwards."
    ],
    "v_FrvK75jGdjE": [
        "A child plays a violin on stage during a solo performance.",
        " A man watches with interest from the side of the stage.",
        " The girl pauses briefly then begins playing again.",
        " The girl lowers her violin and wand at the end of the performance."
    ],
    "v_FsQWaEejutU": [
        "A man is smoking a pipe and blowing smoke rings.",
        "  The man uses profanity and flips the camera off.",
        "  Another man is standing by watching him."
    ],
    "v_Ft3SzVtUsKA": [
        "A camera is shown sitting on the side of a pool capturing bubble underneath.",
        " More bubbles are shown followed by a man jumping in.",
        " The man jumps all the way into the pool and the camera captures his movements."
    ],
    "v_FtAQcl1h7O8": [
        "People are riding spin bikes in a gym.",
        " Two women are working out on exercise bikes.",
        " Yellow words come on the screen."
    ],
    "v_Fu46pdVz4qY": [
        "We see a lady in a pink shirt talking to the camera.",
        " We see the lady pick up a basket of laundry and put it down.",
        " the lady shakes out a dress and puts it on an ironing board.",
        " The lady rubs the dress and straitens it out.",
        " The lady puts a shirt on the board then puts it back in the basket.",
        " The lady folds the dress, smiles and the scene ends."
    ],
    "v_FuaxI8PkeHQ": [
        "A young boy is seen sitting in a chair looking away with others walking by.",
        " The man then takes a sip of a drink and makes a funny face."
    ],
    "v_FwV1XbjLJHY": [
        "A woman talks in a bar, then she puts ice in a stainless steel glass.",
        " Then the woman adds to the cup two measures of liquor, juice and sugar.",
        " After, the woman puts a cup on top and shake it, and serves in a cup with a slice of lemon."
    ],
    "v_FyxltEKCfZ0": [
        "We see nurses giving children shots.",
        " We see a laboratory with a scientist.",
        " We see a person in an MRI and we see a doctor looking at the results.",
        " Coffee is poured into a white mug.",
        " Coffee beans are spilling on each other.",
        " We see people making coffee in a coffee shop."
    ],
    "v_Fz1NCLAB8bA": [
        "Five products are aligned on a table,illustrating the products needed to shave.",
        "A young white male walks into the bathroom,turns on the water and begins to rub his beard.",
        "A series of different forms of the product is shown and then the man prepares his skin with oil and puts it around his beard.",
        "Next comes the brush and he adds some white cream to it to lather up his hair.",
        "Finally,it is time to shave and the beard is taken completely down.",
        "For the finishing touches,lotion is added and the man is now dressed in a suit ready to go."
    ],
    "v_G4D6UtJh3AU": [
        "A woman is holding a baby in her lap as a woman next to her uses a plastic comb to brush his hair.",
        " She talks to the baby as she brushes, and the baby watches her intently."
    ],
    "v_G4O_Ar7EO4Y": [
        "A competitive sporting event is taking place in an outdoor arena and the competitors are on the ground while the spectators are in the stands.",
        "A man is now standing in a circle on the field and he's holding a ball and the banner display on the screen indicates his name is Krisztian PARS and that he's about to do a Hammer Throw M as he swings the ball that is attached to the rope, swings his body and then lets the rope go as it flies very far on the field.",
        "The man is very proud of his throw as he cheers and other competitors as well as people in the stands clap and cheer for him as well as he walks away from the area he was standing in and continues to cheer himself on a little more while giving a thumbs up to a group of camera men taking his picture.",
        "A replay of his throw starts again and then it ends with a wide angled shot of the entire arena."
    ],
    "v_G4kjV4ulJzo": [
        "A woman is walking down the street with two dogs.",
        " The larger dog is holding a leash in his mouth.",
        " The smaller dog is attached to the leash, and is essentially being led by the larger dog on the walk.",
        " A man walks in front, leading the way."
    ],
    "v_G6W6wen6n7w": [
        "We see a man run and do a high jump 6'11 and see the replay.",
        " We then see the man jump at 6'9 and see the replay.",
        " The man jumps at 6'11 again and we see the replay.",
        " We see the man jump at 7'2 and we see the replay.",
        " We see the man jump at 8'3 using a springboard and we see the replay."
    ],
    "v_G9ZEi6eRhi0": [
        "There are about five to six young boys bouncing and jumping in an enclosed bouncy house with basketballs in their hands.",
        " The coach is guiding them by blowing the whistle as the children continue to bounce and jump.",
        " They take turns to throw the orange balls as instructed by their coach."
    ],
    "v_G9m5zxl2f08": [
        "A person is seen putting their hands in a sink full of dirty water and pressing his face up against the water.",
        " The man continues wiping the mud off of his face as the mud drips down into the sink."
    ],
    "v_G9ynahMxUz8": [
        "A little girl kicks a big pink ball to her mother, who catches it and kicks it back.",
        " They continue kicking and throwing the ball to each other, and a man joins in.",
        " The little girl chases down the ball, bringing it back."
    ],
    "v_GA8XzZTETPE": [
        "A ballerina starts dancing on a stage.",
        " She does several spins on the stage.",
        " She does a leap on the stage.",
        " She lays down on the stage."
    ],
    "v_GBTpVjwLxe0": [
        "A kayak rider paddles against the current and maneuvers back and forth with his hips and paddle.",
        " The kayak rider dips into the water and recovers."
    ],
    "v_GCtrfXIBbwA": [
        "young man is playing the harmonica.",
        " young man introduces his video lesson and lays out the lesson plan.",
        " Musical notes are displayed onscreen while harmonica plays."
    ],
    "v_GEHPJEgMm_I": [
        "A young man is shown swinging a tennis racket over and over again while hitting a ball at the same time.",
        " He continues to perform this swing several times and hits the ball every time."
    ],
    "v_GFQuGc1yY8o": [
        "A man is shown with a woman dancing in front of a large crowd on a tv show.",
        " The woman spins around as the man leads her through the routine.",
        " She then is lifted up and spun around again.",
        " They dance very romantically and she is spun around various times before being tipped backwards by the man as they continue to dance.",
        " The two dancers reach out to one another and the routine ends."
    ],
    "v_GHOCVoZsFHE": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera an leads into clips of him demonstrating martial arts with another man.",
        " The men continue to demonstrate with one another while pausing to speak to the camera."
    ],
    "v_GHmxFOXP1Q0": [
        "A man pierces a woman's cheek.",
        "  She sticks her tongue out and then the process is completed."
    ],
    "v_GJz8FEFB70w": [
        "Two people lift a large weight over their heads.",
        " They drop the weight to the ground.",
        " The weights are shown on each side."
    ],
    "v_GKK32IWDlSE": [
        "A man is outside on a track.",
        " He runs with a javelin in his hand.",
        "He throws it as far as he can, raising his arms in victory."
    ],
    "v_GKy0MNJZxDc": [
        "There is a large gymnasium where three gymnasts are performing gymnastics.",
        " There's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to him also swinging on the bars.",
        " They both swing upside down and stand on their hands for a few seconds before swinging back down.",
        " The third gymnast is performing behind them, doing front and back flips.",
        " The gymnast in the orange leotards does another front swing and then gets off the bars and walks away."
    ],
    "v_GN0TdqHETvc": [
        "Two men are seen standing in a room and speaking to the camera while holding rackets.",
        " The two then continuously hit the ball around the closed area back and fourth and point to the camera with a racket and run around."
    ],
    "v_GNzaxjYL0TM": [
        "Two people are seen sitting on dirt bikes speaking to the camera with one shoveling dirt and the other riding along.",
        " Several shots are then shown of the two riding dirt bikes along a trail while stopping to gesture to the camera every now and then."
    ],
    "v_GPR8rtfZr4A": [
        "A graphic logo is seen that is black and white in color with the letter \"N\".",
        " A tv host stands in front of a camouflaged background.",
        " Two girls are seen walking in a photograph in baseball uniforms.",
        " A large group of fans crowds on a baseball field and surrounds a famous singer doing a performance.",
        " A red handball is rolled to a kicker during a kickball match who kicks it into the outfield for a run.",
        " Another man in tshirt and black sweats kicks a ball and runs around the bases trying to avoid being tagged with the ball.",
        " The same man rides on a skateboard in the city.",
        " The man is seen again in an up close video in a room."
    ],
    "v_GQ1eaxmDlzQ": [
        "A large group of people are seen sitting around a stage and leads into a man and woman hosting.",
        " The hosts lead into a large group of people on the stage performing a dance routine with one another.",
        " The people continue dancing around one another and end with the judges clapping and the host leading them off."
    ],
    "v_GQzwzOM9db8": [
        "The athlete who is wearing gray tights and black shirt with number 2 on it started go on the beam and started to swirl around.",
        " When he got of from the beam, he walked towards the yellow container that contains white powder, then went back to the beam and did his tricks by swirling around."
    ],
    "v_GTV4XlxawgE": [
        "man is running in a roofed gym and doing a high jump.",
        " man is doing a somersault in a roofed gym.",
        " two woman are standing in the gym by the jumping man.",
        " man is doing a somersault in a roofed gym in a racetrack."
    ],
    "v_GU_8hjy79VQ": [
        "A man is seen with a large pole.",
        " A large crowd is in the stands in the background.",
        " The man with the pole runs and throws it and then hits the ground.",
        " The pole flies through the air and lands just past the number 85 on a field.",
        " Several man run out to the pole.",
        " Men are seen in the stands clapping.",
        " The man that threw the pole is seen putting a jacket on.",
        " Many people walk around and sit on the field.",
        " The man is seen throwing the pole again."
    ],
    "v_GUbKGqYKj7U": [
        "There are a lot of people at a park and some are playing while others are just watching.",
        " A man and a woman are standing at the entrance of the playing field and getting ready to play.",
        " When the ball rolls towards them, the man kicks it and runs while other players try and get into motion for the play.",
        "Another man runs towards the home base and dives onto the dirt to touch the base they are protecting and another man is trying to catch the ball to get the man out.",
        " The man attempts to catch the ball, misses it, falls on the ground to catch it, throws it at the head of the man who is already on the base and they all laugh and the team who just scored give one another high fives."
    ],
    "v_GZiG-aSzIJI": [
        "There are two white cars that arrive in secluded area where there are warehouses.",
        " Four men get off the car and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face.",
        " There are some people hiding behind trucks with guns in their hands.",
        " One of the men comes out and opens fire.",
        " He shoots his gun in the air.",
        " That provokes the other people and a huge gun fight breaks out.",
        " The men randomly begin shooting at each other.",
        " During that time, one of the men get shot in the head and he collapses and falls down."
    ],
    "v_GZsplhHXQy0": [
        "A man performs a kettle throw in front of an outdoor stadium filled with spectators in the audience.",
        "  A man on a round dirt area on a field swings a ball around and around while standing in place.",
        "  The man lets the ball go, where it flies in the air ahead of him.",
        "  The man stops and bends with his knees as he watches the ball fly in the air."
    ],
    "v_GaxyzK2mHqw": [
        "woman is in a kitchen talking and slicing cheddar cheese into thick pieces, cutting the bread, then she put butter in a pan and the bread loaf on the pan with the cheese on top so the cheese can be melted in the pan, woman says this is wrong.",
        " woman shows a clean pan, put the butter on the bread and grate the cheese, then put it as a sandwich and in the pan with a lid till the bread is tasty.",
        " woman serve the bread in a blue dish and slice in two."
    ],
    "v_Gc1Mk5UyECQ": [
        "A lacrosse team goes to play a game.",
        "  other highlights are shown."
    ],
    "v_Gdf7ZWhh9Nw": [
        "A person is seen scrubbing down the mane of a horse's fur and leads into washing him and spray him.",
        " The camera shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing the horse.",
        " She walks the horse away and shakes the bottle, showing more shots of her cleaning the horse with the bottle shown intermittent."
    ],
    "v_Gi1N3FtCZGo": [
        "a boy is inside a gym.",
        " He lifts a barbell up to his chest.",
        " He pauses, then lifts it over his head."
    ],
    "v_Gkv5ibx0tYw": [
        "A woman with short blonde hair is sitting in a chair talking.",
        " She holds up a hair curler and puts it in her hair.",
        " She takes it out and continues talking."
    ],
    "v_Gl3okOVEwgg": [
        "A man is standing at the foot of a large wall.",
        " He is stretching and staring at it looking like he might climb it.",
        " He looks up and down before putting a foot on the base of the wall.",
        " He then starts to climb higher and higher.",
        " He scales the wall very methodically.",
        " He eventually get to the very top with relative ease."
    ],
    "v_Gl8HTsP7Jfk": [
        "A boy speaks to a camera while holding a lacrosse stick and hitting balls into a net.",
        " The boy throws several balls into the net over and over again hitting directly into the net."
    ],
    "v_Gn651vGKC2I": [
        "A woman makes a tattoo in the arm of a girl while cleaning with a tissue.",
        " The girl makes pain gestures in the face."
    ],
    "v_Gpjx38IDVT0": [
        "A boy is inside an outdoor net.",
        " He swings a ball on a rope very quickly.",
        " He lets it go and watches as it flies across the field."
    ],
    "v_GsNyn-6DDJM": [
        "A woman is sitting down in a chair.",
        " A boy is brushing her long hair.",
        " She laughs and covers her mouth with her hand."
    ],
    "v_GtYf9VsPHO0": [
        "A close up of a sandwich is shown followed by ingredients and a woman speaking to the camera.",
        " Several ingredients are laid out and shown close up one by one while the woman mixes them all together in a bowl.",
        " She then pours the mixture onto a slice of break and presents it on a plate while speaking continuously."
    ],
    "v_GvRPOGpObyU": [
        "Alcohol is shown being poured into a glass and leads into a woman holding up a glass and pouring ice into it.",
        " The woman then pours various alcohol mixes into the glass and ends by presenting the glass to the camera."
    ],
    "v_GvvmZ1Bi1xk": [
        "We see a finger on the lens and a shoulder.",
        " A woman pushes a lawn mower through the grass.",
        " The lady lifts the mower and backs up.",
        "  The lady turns the mower."
    ],
    "v_GwJ9DmiW8dk": [
        "A woman in a purple bodysuit and wearing a bib on her back approaches a wooden balance beam in front of a large audience who is cheering her on.",
        " The woman jumps on the the balance beam and a man quickly grabs the ramp she used to jump onto the balance beam and removes it from the area.",
        " The woman begins her routine that includes, jumps, flips, and small dance moves.",
        " During the routine the woman flips and slightly loses her balance but quickly recovers and remains on the balance beam.",
        "The woman goes to the furthest end of the balance beam, has a very concentrated look on her face and she quickly does a series of flips off of the balance beam, lands on her feet, throws her two arms in the air and waves to the audience who is cheering wildly."
    ],
    "v_Gxjfc5O6AAc": [
        "Various still images of a man's hair are shown.",
        " A man is shown receiving a hair cut and styling in sped up time.",
        " Still images of the man's hair after the styling are shown."
    ],
    "v_GyOLWizKXaE": [
        "A man is outside with a lawn utensil and he begins cutting the yard.",
        "He moves a knob and then continues to cut the grass and another woman is shown cutting the yard.",
        "Finally,the man comes back and shows how his the object works to cut the grass."
    ],
    "v_H-hgVm5G54Y": [
        "We see a persons hand on the camera.",
        " A girl then shows us her brush.",
        " The girl uses the brush to brush her hair.",
        " She shows us her brush again.",
        " Her hand then covers the camera."
    ],
    "v_H-yBxySDyTw": [
        "A man in a office chair is sitting with some type of pen up.",
        " He talks about it for a little while and then put it in his mouth, turns out its an e-pen.",
        " It's a new technology that you can smoke like a cigarette.",
        " He holds it in his hands like a cigarette and puts it in his mouth and exhales smoke."
    ],
    "v_H1_5M9mQ79w": [
        "A man wearing headphones is seen speaking into a microphone and begins playing a harmonica into the mic.",
        " The man continues  playing and the camera ends with a close up of the instrument."
    ],
    "v_H5TETCI731k": [
        "A man talks indoors, then a lady talks in a field while girls runs on her side.",
        " The lady talks with girls who plays a game hitting a ball with a stick.",
        " Girls take turns to talk, while other players practice shooting balls to the goal and display the city of Baltimore, the players of the Ravens and the roads of the city."
    ],
    "v_H6g8SsxL8RU": [
        "man in in front of a car with the hood open.",
        " man walks through the woods and ty to light a woodfire."
    ],
    "v_H7EmlU0wQ6g": [
        "A person is using a vacuum attachment to vacuum the wood floor.",
        " The person then vacuums a rug on the floor.",
        " The person vacuums the back of a cat laying nearby.",
        " The person returns to vacuuming the wood floor."
    ],
    "v_H7k8ATbTjzs": [
        "A woman and a young girl are each walking a dog in a grassy area.",
        " They approach another woman sitting in a chair.",
        " She pets one of the dogs.",
        " Another woman is sitting behind the woman that pets the dog.",
        " The woman with the dog walks over and takes the leash of the second dog from the young girl and walks away with both dogs and the young girl still holding part of a leash.",
        " A man is standing off to the side watching.",
        " The woman and the young girl, each with a dog again, stop in the grassy area, talk and then continue walking."
    ],
    "v_H8aW-6HhMBA": [
        "A man and a woman are sitting in Hooters the restaurant,the female is an employee and the guy is a regular customer.",
        "He grabs a beer and then kisses the girls.",
        "He tries three more times and he is successful but the third girl was by accident and she hits the guy and becomes extremely upset by it.",
        "The male does it again and more girls in the restaurant begins to kiss him."
    ],
    "v_H9ejAfleKUg": [
        "A camera is seen zooming in on a building and leads into a man climbing up a large rock.",
        " The man continuously climbs up the rock while looking around and finally makes it to the top while the camera pans around."
    ],
    "v_HD4aY4ATCFY": [
        "a big burguer is in a table.",
        " woman is talking to the camera sanding i front of a wall with a lot of wallpapers.",
        " woman grab a sandwich and spread butter in it, then put pickles, cheddar cheese, jam and pork, then se put butter on top and toast it, when the sandwich is ready is cutted in the half and its being serve in a plate."
    ],
    "v_HDHS_7pOiDk": [
        "A woman is shown outside high five two kids that are playing near her.",
        " The woman helps the girl down and jumps along the ground until she falls."
    ],
    "v_HGqaDftZe5s": [
        "We see small kids ride BMX bikes on a dirt track in an arena.",
        " The kids ride past the camera.",
        " The kids start passing the finish line."
    ],
    "v_HJws_Cwu3qE": [
        "Two men are seen standing around a room and begin hitting a ball while others watch.",
        " More men appear in the room and are seen chasing around a tennis ball and hitting it."
    ],
    "v_HNBiW2Nq318": [
        "A person is seen bending forward on a gymnastics beam while moving his hands up to keep balance.",
        " The man then attempts a flip but lands on his stomach and falls off, walking away in pain and his jump shown again in slow motion."
    ],
    "v_HVmZOfkh8Pk": [
        "A boy talks in a field, then he plays with a person using a stick to hit a ball.",
        " The boy throws the ball to the other boy and score.",
        " The boys talk in the field."
    ],
    "v_HadTAlDM5YM": [
        "A man is speaking into a microphone.",
        " A man wearing a black cape is getting his beard shaved.",
        " A person puts a white towel over the man's face.",
        " He puts shaving cream on the man's face.",
        " He then puts a towel over the mans face again.",
        " He then shaves the mans beard with a razor.",
        " The man puts a towel on the other man's face again.",
        " He takes the cape off and stands up."
    ],
    "v_HafSt7EDin0": [
        "A basketball is focused on as it sits on a grass.",
        " Then it zooms out and a small girl is standing at the beginning of a hopscotch written in chalk, and a man is standing at the end and he throws a piece of chalk her way, it breaks, he hops to pick it up, she picks up the other piece and returns it to the chalk container off to the side.",
        " The girl returns to the beginning of the hopscotch and takes her turn, and they go back and forth and play taking turns jumping up and down the hopscotch."
    ],
    "v_HaprTZfP4sQ": [
        "A gold ornament is shown hanging from a christmas tree.",
        " Two women are on the floor, wrapping presents.",
        " They cut the paper and tape it around boxes before adding bows.",
        " We then see the completed tree, adorned with a ring of wrapped presents at the base."
    ],
    "v_Hc--KcdMkEA": [
        "A man stands in front of a podium talking.",
        " Two other men stand next to him.",
        " One of the two men digs in a fire pit where there was a fire and then pours water on it.",
        " The same man digs around in the pit with his hand looking for burning embers."
    ],
    "v_HdNOiIdGqvE": [
        "A man in a white lab coat is seen talking to the camera and showing various tools in a laboratory.",
        " Towel are seen sitting in a sink and the man shows the proper hand washing tools.",
        " He puts his hands under the sink with soap and washes his hand thoroughly.",
        " He dries his hands and continues talking to the camera how why this is important."
    ],
    "v_HdgVytIzu4s": [
        "A man is seen holding a tennis racket and begins hitting a ball around a room.",
        " Another man is in frame also holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball around.",
        " The men continue to play with one another around the room while the camera follows their movements."
    ],
    "v_HeHQxObROwQ": [
        "A woman is spreading shaving cream on another woman's legs.",
        " She puts her hands under water and begins to shave the woman's legs for her.",
        " She starts from bottom to top of the leg and continues that motion.",
        " The video is very unsteady, but the woman continues to shave her friends leg."
    ],
    "v_HeMpg3SAUUs": [
        "A little girl is wiping water all over her face.",
        " She looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.",
        " She sticks her tongue out slightly at the camera."
    ],
    "v_Hev5Vj0Jjuk": [
        "A group of girls look up at an amusement park ride and wave there hands in fear and anticipation.",
        " The girls put on safety harnesses.",
        " The group climb up the stairs to the top of the platform.",
        " A girl stands on top of the platform with a rope and harness and prepares to jump.",
        " A pop band is seen singing a song and dancing.",
        " The girl jumps from the platform and bounces on the bungee cord in the air.",
        " The girl is met by the group members who congratulate her for the jump."
    ],
    "v_HfowLX1u38Y": [
        "man wearing a purple shirt is holding a gas pipe.",
        " the man is using the pipe to light up the woodfire.",
        " man is standing outside a house lighting up a woodfire."
    ],
    "v_HhbTyPnFVIg": [
        "A woman stand with athletic jacket in a grass covered and forested yard.",
        " The woman enters an open workshop area.",
        " Logs are stacked upright on a chopping block.",
        " The woman uses an an ax to split the logs in half."
    ],
    "v_HhlWUEbHBUk": [
        "A guy shows you how to make a drink,the guy pours ice in a tall glass,adds a half cup of a certain type of liquor and pour it in the cup with the ice.",
        "He then adds soda to the cup which makes the cup full to the top and starts to stir it up with a metal tool.",
        "the guy then squeezes three half limes into the cup and push the three lime to the bottom of the cup with the metal tool he use to stir the drink.",
        "finally he pours the drink from the tall glass to a shorter glass,adds a different type of liquor with a straw to finish it off."
    ],
    "v_HjRevGoqqz0": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " People are interacting in an inside court.",
        " People run to pick up balls from the center of the court.",
        " Two teams are playing dodge-ball.",
        " A red team member runs up and throws a ball directly at an opponent."
    ],
    "v_Hj_YKQiU-8Y": [
        "A young girl is seen speaking to the camera while playing with her hair.",
        " She points to her shirt and leads into her brushing her hair while speaking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_HlFnWOx53XU": [
        "woman is standing in a field playing bagpipes.",
        " woman is standing in the middle of a parking lot playing bag pipes.",
        " a blue house is behind the woman that is playing bagpipes."
    ],
    "v_Hlc6FXX5kGs": [
        "A baby girl is holding a compact, wiping the makeup pad against her cheek.",
        " She sits on the floor, continuing to play with the makeup, opening and closing the case, and wiping it onto her face."
    ],
    "v_HoViId2LHl8": [
        "A woman starts dancing next to a man in front of a gathered crowd.",
        " They spin in circles as they dance.",
        " She goes between his legs, sliding outward and injuring her neck.",
        " She gets up laughing and gives the man a hug."
    ],
    "v_HpQrpwNgCjc": [
        "A close up of a high dive is shown followed by people walking up the steps.",
        " Suddenly a person is seen jumping off of the high dive and into the pool."
    ],
    "v_HqxTRzf11tc": [
        "A person is seen standing ready in front of a large track with people sitting and standing around watching him.",
        " The persons ticks their arms out and runs down the track into the sit pit and flips over."
    ],
    "v_HsklqPvsMEQ": [
        "A person is seen aiming a paintball gun off into the distance in a large field.",
        " Many people watch on the side as the man aims.",
        " Suddenly another person comes into frame and plays with the man."
    ],
    "v_Huz41aVo5eo": [
        "man is waxing a woman's leg.",
        " woman is talking to the camera and showing how to wax the leg."
    ],
    "v_Hv3We5wjaJE": [
        "A couple are in the flowing water of a river.",
        " They are sitting next to several buckets.",
        " They scrub clothing against the rocks, trying to clean them."
    ],
    "v_HvzJ-RJOF9Q": [
        "A man is seen speaking to the camera while moving his arms around and others swim in a pool behind him.",
        " The man continues speaking to the camera and a person jumps off the diving board behind him."
    ],
    "v_HwYZEZYgeBI": [
        "An intro leads into several tools laid out on a table and a women walking in an removing a plant.",
        " The woman then pulls out a rag and wipes off the table.",
        " She tend holds the rag again, sprays down the table, and wipes down the table in a proper motion.",
        " She is then shown again dusting over various areas and places the plant back on the table and pushing the chairs in."
    ],
    "v_I0w8zmcO_Cw": [
        "A man stops his bike on the sidewalk.",
        " He jumps down to look at the wheel, then uses a tool to press into the rubber.",
        " He continues talking about the tool before joining in a bike race, then going back to talking on the sidewalk."
    ],
    "v_I3WRp3QB8eg": [
        "A girl is seen speaking to the camera and walks into a hair salon and shakes hands with an stylist.",
        " Several shots of an artist are shown and the man then begins cutting the girl's hair.",
        " He hands her the hair and washes her hair followed by more cuts and looking into a mirror.",
        " In the end her hair looks just like the artist and she is seen smiling and hugs a person, ending with a side by side picture of the artist and her."
    ],
    "v_I4mFeQwqjnE": [
        "The credits of the clips are shown.",
        " People in black play dodge ball on a court.",
        " A guy dives to the ground to prevent ball from hitting him."
    ],
    "v_I58i4uJkHJ0": [
        "A female Russian gymnast is on a mat in front of a large arena with several people watching her.",
        "The girl then starts doing a series of cartwheels and ends up jumping on the balance beam to do her routine.",
        "Once she is done,the girl ends doing several tricks and walks off to the side.",
        "People begin to cheer for her and her replay is shown,and her score of approximately 28 is shown across the bottom of the screen."
    ],
    "v_I5RVQUYA1w4": [
        "The two girls hug each other and the girl who's wearing the blue dress slightly pushes past the other girl.",
        " Then she runs back to her and hugs her and runs away from her again."
    ],
    "v_I637SOXSbHY": [
        "A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells.",
        " He raises and lowers the kettle bells.",
        " He puts them down on the grass in front of him."
    ],
    "v_I6VBFfeBqF0": [
        "A man props his leg on the side of a tub.",
        " He is shaving his leg with a razor, revealing a tattoo underneath.",
        " When he is done, he wipes off the hair and shows a tattoo of homer simpson as the grim reaper."
    ],
    "v_I7Sole68Gag": [
        "Swimmers are swimming to one side of the pool and then they stop briefly.",
        " Some swimmers on the side lines are watching them.",
        " They start throwing a ball back and forth around.",
        " A man in the corner of the pool tries to catch the ball and misses it."
    ],
    "v_I9kOPQ3J5HA": [
        "A woman puts a harness on.",
        " A man clips a rope to the front of the woman's harness.",
        " He ties the rope into a knot."
    ],
    "v_IC61TQ-sd8o": [
        "boys and girls are in stage doing a cheerleader choreography in a competiion while people in stands are watching them.",
        " men wearing black uniforms are standing behind the cheer team."
    ],
    "v_ICM-GjDa9QY": [
        "A young man puts detergent in a blue bucket, then shows and explains how to clean a screen windows using a squeegee.",
        " After, the young man cleans the wet screen with a cloth.",
        " The young man compares a dirt screen with the clean one and gives a thump up."
    ],
    "v_IHPb-JPIhg8": [
        "A man is swinging on a balance beam.",
        " He jumps off and puts his hands in the air.",
        " He gets back on the balance beam."
    ],
    "v_II0BlR0BriI": [
        "A man is talking inside a gym.",
        " A group of female gymnasts form a cluster, then lift a girl over their heads.",
        " They hold her up by one leg before twirling her back down and catch her in their arms."
    ],
    "v_II3AiNrQ1uA": [
        "A text introduction describing the event is shown.",
        " A woman performs gymnastics on uneven bars while a number of spectators watch.",
        " The woman dismounts from the bars."
    ],
    "v_IJV7CwRhFvw": [
        "There are three people playing racquetball on the enclosed court and the view is from the person wearing the camera.",
        "The camera person picks the ball up with racquet balances it on the racquet, rolls it off and then hits to the wall.",
        "The view changes to the door and there are two men standing at the door waiting to hit the ball."
    ],
    "v_ILeNuidJc00": [
        "There's an outdoor swimming pool with a very high diving board.",
        " There's a woman in a green swim suit who dives down into the pool.",
        " She is doing various diving moves such as backward, forward and pike.",
        " She also does the hand stand before diving swiftly into the pool.",
        " She repeats her steps and dives several times into the pool."
    ],
    "v_ILgkiTHnGVI": [
        "A man shows up on the screen wearing a martial arts uniform showing people how to do a side kick.",
        " He sways from side to side to show how to control your balance.",
        " He lifts his knees, one after alternating from left to right to show how to begin the kick.",
        " He continues to show how to finish the side kick with a follow through.",
        " Then he demonstrates how to do the kick from several angles."
    ],
    "v_IN8-B39kq_k": [
        "Two men introduce themselves in the beginning of the video and tell the viewers that they will be talking about tattoos.",
        " One of the guys comes on the screen and gives some tips about how to prepare to give a tattoo.",
        " A close up of a man is shown giving a tattoo to someone.",
        " Several clients are shown close up on the screen while they are in the process of a tattoo."
    ],
    "v_IOoj4yWCoPg": [
        "A woman is sitting outside her home and washing her clothes in a tub filled with water and soap.",
        " She removes the clothes from the tub and then soaks them in another tub filled with water.",
        " She puts the water hose into the water tub.",
        " She adds more clothes in the soapy water and continues washing the clothes."
    ],
    "v_IQp6JF5v1qc": [
        "The screen opens up with an ACDC promo.",
        "  A little boy is speaking to the camera.",
        "  The little boy begins to break dance and does many flips.",
        " He stands up and begins to rap."
    ],
    "v_IRj0d3cLi6g": [
        "A young child plays a bagpipe next to an adult bagpiper.",
        " The young bagpiper marches in place while playing his bagpipe while onlookers watch from behind.",
        " The adult bagpiper and the child stand next to each other while performing.",
        " The child finishes playing and walks forward to the camera."
    ],
    "v_ISJodiRZ_uo": [
        "A girl with braided hair asks a worker at an equestrian center some questions.",
        " The woman responds and talks about horse care.",
        " The girl brushes the horse's mane.",
        " The two continue going over horse care.",
        " The girl and woman both work on brushing techniques.",
        " The woman brushes the horses tail is lots of care as the girl watches."
    ],
    "v_IVnPfvBZxKE": [
        "Various pictures of ingredients are shown followed by pictures of the ingredients laid out on a cutting board.",
        " The pictures transition into more ingredients with hands covering them up and squeezing them into a ball.",
        " Pictures and video of the food being cooked in a pan are shown followed by a person taking it out and cutting it with a knife.",
        " Finally, a picture of the finished food product is shown."
    ],
    "v_IWHN3TD8mMQ": [
        "A woman introduces herself to the camera and begins to talk about the topic of the video, pasta.",
        " The camera shows the ingredients that go into cooking pasta.",
        " The woman drops salt in a pot of water and turns the burners on.",
        " Once, boiling, she adds the pasta in the pot.",
        " She stirs the pasta, and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente.",
        " She returns the pasta to the pot and adds olive oil."
    ],
    "v_IY1bVy1yZv4": [
        "A man is sitting down on the ground fixing a child's bike.",
        " A kid in a yellow shirt is standing next to him watching.",
        " A boy in a blue shirt is pushing another bike behind him."
    ],
    "v_IYbnF7LM2II": [
        "Two men are seen running around an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around the room.",
        " The men continue hitting the ball around the room while the camera continues to follow their movements."
    ],
    "v_IZXFAoiSj0c": [
        "A female athlete is in a field and she begins to throw a shot put.",
        "The lady spins and spins in slow motion as words are shown at the top describing each phase needed to throw a shot put successfully."
    ],
    "v_Ia3Aa4AO-_E": [
        "two twins dressed in the same way and with the same hairstyle are in a room talking to the camera.",
        " the man in the back start putting some boxers above the pants and the man in front continue speaking to the camera.",
        " Man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth, then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it.",
        " man in front holds an hairbrush and the other guy drinks water, the other guy holds a toothbrush with jam and brush his teeth."
    ],
    "v_IbcBQFvcS9o": [
        "a white house and a backyard full of snow appears a person is cleaning the fron entrance of the house.",
        " a car covered in snow appears and the person is cleaning the snow from the car and its open the road in front of the car.",
        " a red car appears covered in snow and a person is cleaning the snow .",
        " a black car is covered in snow."
    ],
    "v_IdhpB7doBOE": [
        "A woman talks facing a camera, in front of a dance studio advertisement sign, as four girls demonstrate ballet techniques in front of a ballet bar in a dance studio.",
        "  A woman with blonde hair, and dressed in all black, stands in front of a dance studio advertisement and talks while facing the camera.",
        "  The camera cuts away to four girls in ballet outfits and ballet shoes facing a ballet bar with their backs to the camera and demonstrating ballet knee bends.",
        "  The girls then demonstrate ballet toe points as the camera cuts back to the lone woman who continues to talk facing the camera, until the scene fades to a marketing graphic."
    ],
    "v_Igpy_o0h3Cs": [
        "A woman wear curls shows how to wrap pieces of fabric on  a roller.",
        " The woman unrolls the curls from her hair.",
        " The woman combs out her hair using her hands."
    ],
    "v_IkjulgI7gzg": [
        "There are two body builders dressed in a black shirts demonstrating weightlifting in a gym.",
        " One of the bodybuilders is lifting the weights while the other is explaining the correct method of doing it.",
        " He bodybuilder lifts the weight gradually at first and then swiftly picks himself up to raise the weights.",
        " The other bodybuilder continues to explain the weightlifting strategies that is used professionally."
    ],
    "v_IlD4gfHmWIg": [
        "A gymnast wearing a magenta leotard is performing on the horse bar.",
        " There is a panel of judges sitting across from her and evaluating her.",
        " She stands up straight on the bar and does a twist and pummel.",
        " She continues to successfully do front flips on the horse bar.",
        " She completes her round after she jumps off of the horse bar doing a back flip.",
        " Then the gymnast walks away from the performing area."
    ],
    "v_IlzwpnsIRZM": [
        "People are playing a game of ping pong.",
        " A man in a red shirt is playing with only one shoe on.",
        " Words come onto the screen at the end."
    ],
    "v_Io8EwPbNUbE": [
        "A video tutorial is shown of a family doing dishes at a campsite.",
        "  Everything is thrown into two buckets.",
        "  One with soap and the other to rinse."
    ],
    "v_IoOkg-_S4cY": [
        "A gymnastic girl is performing balance beam.",
        " The girl is getting ready to get on the beam from a jump pad.",
        " The girl performs flawlessly on the beam.",
        " The girl lands on floor perfectly with a big smile."
    ],
    "v_IsVpeZoK5FI": [
        "A large group of people are seen exercising in a class together with a man leading them in front.",
        " The group continues to move around together over a bar and ends with text across the screen."
    ],
    "v_It2fslENHXs": [
        "An large outdoor sports field is shown.",
        " A man runs and does a successful pole vault.",
        " He stands up from the pad and picks up the pole."
    ],
    "v_ItpDcSURusI": [
        "A professional diver named Pandelela Rinong is getting ready to dive in a competition.",
        " She goes forward on the diving board and does a backward dive into the pool from several feet.",
        " She twists her body as she dives down into the pool.",
        " After she's done, she smiles and walks out of the pool."
    ],
    "v_IytPbGtfo14": [
        "We see a lady behind a bar talking.",
        " The lady pours ice in glass.",
        " The lady pours three shots of liquor into a cup.",
        " The lady pours other stuff in and shakes it.",
        " The lady pours the pours the drink into a glass.",
        " The lady adds some red stuff.",
        " The lady holds the glass and smiles."
    ],
    "v_J0EWvkkxh5o": [
        "We see a girl preparing to dive in an indoor pool.",
        " The girl jumps and stands looking scared of the height.",
        " The girl turns and dives into the water.",
        " The girl surfaces and swims to the edge of the pool."
    ],
    "v_J1LIG037WzE": [
        "Two men are seen fighting back and fourth on a set of mats using boxing gloves and pads.",
        " The men continue punching and kicking back and fourth while the camera continues to follow them around."
    ],
    "v_J3coWVRd5do": [
        "A girl runs down a track in slow motion.",
        " She takes a huge jump, hurling herself over a bar.",
        " She is shown performing the act again in slow motion."
    ],
    "v_J3qC2hqRhPc": [
        "Elmo from Sesame Street is presenting how to brush teeth along with singer Bruno Mars.",
        " Elmo pulls out a toothbrush and begins dancing while Bruno Mars appears brushing his teeth on the mirror.",
        " Elmo is singing along as Bruno Mars continues to brush his teeth and the multicolored lights on the mirror flicker.",
        " Elmo and Bruno Mars continue to dance along as they teach little kids the importance of brushing teeth."
    ],
    "v_J4UFrrwKUQA": [
        "two men are standing in a sailing boat in sea.",
        " man is standing in a dock wearing a red bull shirt and then is in the saillboat.",
        "dolphins are swimming next to the boat.",
        " people are  standing on a sunny day in a dock."
    ],
    "v_J6ScF5n_Cug": [
        "A young girl plays the clarinet.",
        " The girl pauses for a second to flip her music sheet standing in front of her.",
        " The young girl resumes playing her clarinet.",
        " The girl stops and looking pleased with her performance."
    ],
    "v_J7LhH4IKvnM": [
        "A large dog is standing in a bath tub.",
        " A woman in a pink shirt is scrubbing the dog with soap.",
        " She then starts washing the dog with a hose."
    ],
    "v_J8Ziy8QR8WQ": [
        "The credits of the clip are shown.",
        " Guys throw balls on a field.",
        " A guy holds a few balls and talks.",
        " A man holding a flat bat walks across the field followed by a male holding one ball in each hand.",
        " Two men sit with one man holding a flat bat.",
        " Guys hit balls with the flat bat.",
        " The credits of the video are shown."
    ],
    "v_J9Sl_H-1BOA": [
        "A young girl is seen sitting front of a piano and playing the instrument with her finger tips.",
        " She continues playing while the camera captures her from afar."
    ],
    "v_JAEMwQqh51c": [
        "A man dressed for cold weather is outside in the snow fumbling with a chain in his hands.",
        "The chain is then placed around a tree stump and the man picks up an ax.",
        "The man hits the stumps continuously until the stump is broken up into pieces and then he unchains it in the back of his truck."
    ],
    "v_JGStyHrlN2U": [
        "Several player on horseback are playing cricket on a field.",
        " All players ride their horses to one side of the field.",
        " The ride around and around as the try to hit the cricket ball.",
        " The ball is hit into the middle of the field away from all the players."
    ],
    "v_JGxSaJ7XoPQ": [
        "A girl in a purple blouse sits on a fence post as she is brushing a horse who is tied to the fence.",
        " The girl stands on the fence post while reaching to brush the horses mane.",
        " The girl continues standing on the fence post leans onto the horses back and brushes the back of the horse as she smile at the camera.",
        " The girl mounts onto the horses back as she continues to brush the horses neck and mane.",
        " The girl in the purple blouse dismounts the horse and stands on the fence post brushes the horses hind quarter."
    ],
    "v_JHFjlLtpIcU": [
        "A crowd watches a gymnastics show.",
        " A gymnast runs up to a high bar and alternates between the high and low bar, performing various gymnastics moves and flips.",
        " She flips off the bar and lands on her feet.",
        " Her fellow gymnasts run up to her in excitement."
    ],
    "v_JKE9D1anR7I": [
        "A man jumps onto parallel bars.",
        " He begins doing a gymnastic routine on the parallel bars.",
        " He does a jump off and lands on the mat."
    ],
    "v_JKFxKhCQPUs": [
        "A male gymnast wearing a blue leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar.",
        " He is performing in an indoor stadium full of spectators.",
        " He continues to excel in doing his moves steadily on the horse bar.",
        " After he's done, he gets off the bar and one of the coaches hugs him as the crowd cheers for him."
    ],
    "v_JNr0oI927ng": [
        "A woman is seen standing at the end of a diving board with her arms down and facing forward.",
        " The woman then begins jumping up and down on the board and diving back into the water."
    ],
    "v_JO_CW4PR3I8": [
        "A man is holding a wooden case.",
        " He puts a towel through the case.",
        " He begins to shine his shoe with the towel."
    ],
    "v_JTGS1YulUQw": [
        "A close up of booklets are shown with a person flipping them open and reading.",
        " The woman marks a name down and peels it off to put on a sock.",
        " The woman then lays an iron over the name and peels off the paper to show how to properly label a gift."
    ],
    "v_JVfhBvlv0IY": [
        "An athletic man is seen standing ready and runs down a long track into a sand pit.",
        " The man walks away while looking into the audience followed by another man running into the pit.",
        " Several more men take turns running down with their run showed again afterwards."
    ],
    "v_JXL7LxJSjzw": [
        "We see a lady in the woods chopping logs of wood.",
        " The lady puts a log on a platform.",
        " We see chickens running around the background.",
        " The lady laughs as she picks up a piece of wood.",
        " We see a chicken flapping it's wings in the background.",
        " The lady finishes and throws her hands in the air."
    ],
    "v_JavaLreBqtI": [
        "We see a lady sitting on a couch talking.",
        " The lady makes faces and claps her hands.",
        " We watch the lady pull rollers our out her braids.",
        " We see her hair up close.",
        " The lady makes a quote sign with her fingers."
    ],
    "v_Jdtr90RIkHk": [
        "A man is riding a skateboard indoors and rides it onto a short standing pole on the ground.",
        "The same man is now standing outside talking and the words on the bottom of the screen say his name is \"Shawn Connelly\" and he's the Founder- San Francisco Skate Club and while he's speaking various words appear at the bottom of the screen at various times as well as clips of him skateboarding showing different moves that the words mention.",
        "The man ends the video of just him talking, no text on the screen, and no other clips showing while he's talking."
    ],
    "v_JgHubY5Vw3Y": [
        "A man and woman are talking in a room.",
        " A person is riding a bike down the street.",
        " Someone falls over after riding a bike.",
        " The man and woman are talking in a room.",
        " A bike is leaning against a fence.",
        " A man puts a lock around the tire of his bike."
    ],
    "v_JguB9cLEXGY": [
        "A person is seen holding up a stick followed by several clips of people throwing a javelin.",
        " More shots are shown of athletes throwing the javelin great distances while screaming each time after their throw."
    ],
    "v_JhoGvKrhs8s": [
        "A large marching band is seen standing together in front of a large building with others standing around.",
        " More shots are shown of the group standing around one another while the camera pans around."
    ],
    "v_JhqQGe0TkBU": [
        "People stands on top of a diving board, the a man jumps in the swimming pool.",
        " Suddenly a girl runs on a lower dining board and jumps in the swimming pool.",
        " People sit around the pool."
    ],
    "v_Jifw8dC5yTM": [
        "A young man in blue t-shirt walks through small dance studio room.",
        " The young man sets his stereo down on a chair.",
        " The man young man warms up and does a one handed handstand.",
        " The man does a break dance routine doing hand stands and spins.",
        " End credits are shown with names written in cursive."
    ],
    "v_Jk3oA2mhPD8": [
        "A young girl is doing gymnastics on a blue mat.",
        " She does several back flips on a trampoline.",
        " She does a flip into a pile of foam pieces."
    ],
    "v_Jm1y_W7RLSI": [
        "A woman is seen standing before a camera and begins putting lotion on her hands and rubbing it round her face.",
        " The woman continuously rubs lotion all into her face and ends by looking into the camera."
    ],
    "v_Jo2-IPbuapw": [
        "A person's hands are seen places in the middle of a paper and begins drawing along the picture.",
        " The person then paints a large tree while still moving around quickly on the painting.",
        " The person finishes the painting and signs their name and shows a picture of themselves."
    ],
    "v_Jo3R272P8eM": [
        "A woman is holding a microphone standing outside a room.",
        " People are playing wall ball in the room.",
        " The woman is holding a piece of paper."
    ],
    "v_Jp7KeCimrMI": [
        "A man stretches out shirts on an ironing board in a workshop area and uses a flat iron to steam press it.",
        " The man removes the ironed shirt and places it on a hanger.",
        " The man gives the shirt one more quick ironing on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack."
    ],
    "v_JtQSDGSKnsY": [
        "A person uses a vacuum cleaner the clean the carpet of debris in a room sweeping it back and forth.",
        "  The vacuum cleaner collecting bucket is moved in order to reach a new area of carpet.",
        " The person vacuums the carpet area around the couch.",
        " The person lifts up the head of the vacuum and examines the wheels underneath."
    ],
    "v_Jth2Zlpr1gQ": [
        "The woman in red top is standing.",
        " The woman stretches her arms one side first then the next one.",
        " The woman put her arms in front of her, then stretch out and turned around."
    ],
    "v_JxEnKQ7iXUI": [
        "A group of young girls are dressed in pink tutus, standing on a stage and doing their ballerina routine.",
        "One of the girls goes out of sync from the rest and starts moving her feet as she's doing her routine and everything other girl is just standing on their feet and moving just their arms.",
        "The girls are now starting to sing as they continue to dance and the same girl that was doing her own thing out of sync continues to do her own dancing different from the majority of the young girls.",
        "The dance ends and some of the girls do a curtsy and then they all walk off the stage."
    ],
    "v_JzLqc6MhJtc": [
        "A woman is sitting in a chair.",
        " A person is painting something onto their finger.",
        " The woman looks up at the camera."
    ],
    "v_K-Jzu2AmuW4": [
        "Two women and a man dance pop music while doing different steps.",
        " The women and the man rise the arms while dancing, then they continue dancing and turning."
    ],
    "v_K-kJ-0nkKZk": [
        "A set of hands are seen putting brush into a stack of sticks and then places cotton in the pile.",
        " He then lights a match and creates a fire and then bends over the fire to put more in.",
        " The camera closes in on the pit and is seen placing logs around the side."
    ],
    "v_K-pwTH9ubkE": [
        "A persons hands are seen playing a piano that pans away from the person playing.",
        " People are seen smiling and waving to the camera while the man continues to play the piano.",
        " The camera captures him from all over playing the piano as well as singing to the camera."
    ],
    "v_K-t4tUTq_Ik": [
        "People are standing on a tennis court.",
        " They are playing a game of tennis.",
        " A man in a white shirt hits the tennis ball."
    ],
    "v_K1EW6wZDnOs": [
        "A small horse is outside in a field  being held by a rope that is attached to a belt wrapped around the horse's neck.",
        "The person with the rope in his hand has a torch like item in his right hand but it appears to only have air in it and begins moving it back and forth across the horses face and mouth.",
        "However,the horse doesn't seem to please and begins moving his lip trying to avoid the treatment."
    ],
    "v_K757XUwinrc": [
        "A woman is seen holding onto a brush and grabbing a brush.",
        " Another girl brushes through her hair while the camera pans her movements.",
        " She continues brushing the other's hair while looking to the camera."
    ],
    "v_K8W0PtyPlD4": [
        "A group of adults plays a game of beach volleyball.",
        " Groups of children of kids play a game of beach volleyball.",
        " Rules are shown for the game.",
        " A group of girls play a volley ball game.",
        " A group of adults play a volleyball game on an overcast day."
    ],
    "v_K8ZPkLVlAiA": [
        "A man is holding the arm of a canister vacuum in a vacuum showroom.",
        " The man lifts the arm and shows it to the camera.",
        " The man then pretends, then actually vacuums the linoleum floor with the vacuum."
    ],
    "v_K9cQxJ37xzA": [
        "A woman in a white tank top is riding an exercise bike in a room.",
        " She is doing push ups on a black mat.",
        " She is back to riding the exercise bike.",
        " She is lifting weights up and down at her sides.",
        " She is riding on the exercise bike again."
    ],
    "v_K9kVsnTQh-g": [
        "A man in sweat shirt washes plates and cups in a sink with soapy water.",
        " The man picks up silverware soaking in sink and washes them off.",
        " The man washes pots and a cutting board.",
        " The man washes a coffee press gadget.",
        " The man turns off the water and drains the sink."
    ],
    "v_KBxE7NIOkf8": [
        "Men stand on a steel platform high in the area and an instructor talks.",
        " A man is seated on the edge of the platform and holds onto large ropes.",
        " A patron runs and jumps from the platform wearing a budgie cord and he bounces on it as he reaches the bottom."
    ],
    "v_KCOzA0Suy5U": [
        "Two young motorcycle riders sit on the bikes and wave on a dirt trail.",
        " The boys ride their bikes over jumps on the trails.",
        " A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet.",
        " The boy does heal clicks and kicks his feet to the side of the motor bike in mid air."
    ],
    "v_KCxa27MM7Cg": [
        "Two small children as seen sitting at a table laughing with one another.",
        " One girl is seen painting another's nails while she looks off into the distance.",
        " The girl continues painting the others' nails while she laughs into the camera."
    ],
    "v_KEWlDtEt2cQ": [
        "A man in a suit and a lady in a sparking dress stand on stage.",
        " The people then ballroom dance as people watch.",
        " The man spins the woman in the air in front of him.",
        " The man dips the lady and she kicks her feet in the air.",
        " They finish and the crowd claps as they walk off stage."
    ],
    "v_KHxBqZmSaJU": [
        "people is sitting on a studio talking to each other.",
        " man is in the beach doing tricks with a little kid and people in the studio is talking about the video.",
        " page of a cheerleaders is shown in the screen and the video of the girl in the beach doing tricks.",
        " man is in a living room with a little girl and is doing tricks with her and on the beach, then a video of the man and the girl talking to a camera is shown while people in the stuio keep talking and showing their videos."
    ],
    "v_KOFXi1RYx_g": [
        "An audience is sitting in the stands watching a game on the field.",
        " These riders get on their horses and start trying to score for their team.",
        " Someone makes it and one of the groups in the audience clap.",
        " When the game is over the riders all shake each others hands."
    ],
    "v_KPJJfGK5NCw": [
        "This woman is shown standing in one spot for a little while.",
        " Then she moves to throw the ball into the air and she goes back to the position she was in.",
        " Then she jumps back and turns around to throw the ball at a small distance, except she is not positioned quite right this time."
    ],
    "v_KPfKLVV-HCQ": [
        "A large group of people are seen moving around together in a large gymnasium.",
        " The people move up and down on a beam kicking their legs up and moving around.",
        " The people continue moving all around the board while the camera captures their movements."
    ],
    "v_KQvqRh1mY8c": [
        "A man runs holding a pole with both hands.",
        " Then, she jumps high with the pole to pass over an horizontal bar.",
        " The man falls on the mat."
    ],
    "v_KTIzccovgeg": [
        "A lake is seen with the view of a city skyline across the way.",
        " A group of walkers walk along the sidewalk near the lake.",
        " A man uses a snow blower on a sidewalk area.",
        " People use snow shovels to clear the sidewalk.",
        " A spade gardening tool is used to break up ice.",
        " A man applies salt to the cleared sidewalk area."
    ],
    "v_KV0L45xelkE": [
        "A female basketball coach is seen instructing a group of girl basketball players who are standing in line on a basketball court.",
        " The first girl passes to another coach and then runs to the net and takes a layup.",
        " The girls continue to do the drill on the right side.",
        " The girls move to the left side and perform the same drill on the left side of the court."
    ],
    "v_KVmuW9kwZV4": [
        "A man at his dish washing job has a very unique way to do his dishes at a very fast speed.",
        " He throws all the plates one by one very fast.",
        " They all land into the sink on top of each other after he wipes them down, some of them fall out a bit.",
        " The he pushes them all down into the water."
    ],
    "v_KYjWkaXVnbw": [
        "A man is standing at a bar.",
        " We see the title screen on how to make a drink.",
        " The man pours three liquors and some lime soda in a glass.",
        " He stirs the glass with a metal tool.",
        " The man then drinks from the glass.",
        " The man points at the camera, we see the end sequence."
    ],
    "v_K_I5LyzD8m0": [
        "A barber rubs shaving cream on a man's bald head.",
        " The barber stops to clean his hands with a towel.",
        " The barber grabs a razor and slowly shaves the head of the man."
    ],
    "v_Kbr2nr94EB0": [
        "A man in a black shirt is talking on a basketball court.",
        " A boy is playing basketball on the court."
    ],
    "v_KcSo4p-hhBs": [
        "A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her cutting a person's hair.",
        " She continues cutting and styling the hair while the man looks off into the distance."
    ],
    "v_KcgpoXEh44M": [
        "Two women are in a room standing behind a table and one holds up a teddy bear.",
        "The two the help each other,and begin by taking out a roll of wrapping paper.",
        "After,the young girl begins to cut,fold, and tape the paper and places the bear inside.",
        "Finally,the task is complete and she holds the finished product up on the table."
    ],
    "v_Kcy0A0DuckE": [
        "A small group of kids are seen moving around a gymnasium throwing balls around.",
        " The kids throw the balls to one another while playing a game.",
        " The game continues on while the kids jump and down."
    ],
    "v_Ke29p3rcs1k": [
        "a room with a table without painting is shown and a emery is on top of it.",
        " man walks into a room and use the emery on the top of the table.",
        " man take out the glasses and cleans the disc of the emery."
    ],
    "v_Ke5MPiv-wrY": [
        "The Awesomeness TV Network Logo Animation plays.",
        " A man is flipping and tumbling across a mat.",
        " The same man flips across the mat again, this time not wearing a shirt.",
        " The man is talking to the camera.",
        " A woman with a blue bow in hair walks across the screen behind the man and begins talking to another woman who exits the screen.",
        "  The shirtless man is shown flipping and tumbling across the screen again, this time he does not land his final flip and he falls onto his side.",
        " He then starts walking towards a man on the side of the mat.",
        " The bystander points to his head and the gymnast also does the same to his own head.",
        " The gymnast is talking to the camera again explaining what happened during that routine.",
        " A small video pops up in the lower right replaying the moment he falls.",
        " He starts flipping across the mat again.",
        " The man is standing next to a couple of other guys, he jumps up in the air and does some kicks.",
        " Now he is doing back flips across the mat.",
        " He goes from a forward flip to back-flipping.",
        " Now he is standing on the side line getting ready to do flips.",
        " He is doing some more flips and landing on the red mat.",
        " Now he is flipping again and reverses and starts flipping the other way.",
        " This time he is wearing a yellow shirt and starts by doing a kick, then starts flipping backwards.",
        " Now he is walking across the mat slowly."
    ],
    "v_KgfKmcsEMK0": [
        "A guy is shaving a male's leg.",
        " The male laughs and messes with his shorts.",
        " The guy rinses the razor in a blue bowl full with soapy liquid."
    ],
    "v_Kj2SF5bCxJ8": [
        "A kid spreads peanut butter in two slices of bread.",
        " Then, the kid adds on top jelly.",
        " After, the kid gives a bite to the peanut butter and jelly sandwich."
    ],
    "v_KjbZvsu0OxE": [
        "A dog is seen wandering around a yard as well as a man speaking to the camera.",
        " The dog moves around the area while the man continues to speak to the camera.",
        " The dog runs back and fourth while the camera zooms in on his face."
    ],
    "v_KkpQ347Ceak": [
        "A person is putting food into a bowl.",
        " They crack a nut and put that into the bowl.",
        " They crack another nut over a black tray."
    ],
    "v_KnHUAc20WEU": [
        "A large arena is shown with a large screen showing the athletes in the field.",
        "A man is then shown in a cage spinning around throwing a shot put that people begin to measure.",
        "Another man approaches the circle,repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee.",
        "More men approach the stand and it continues on until they have completed each of their turns then they turn to the audience and wave."
    ],
    "v_KnI7IWbLWmE": [
        "Two men play bagpipes, while being photographed at an outdoor military and police ceremony with a speaker at a podium surrounded by men in uniform and in front of a formally seated audience.",
        "  Two men play bagpipes in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform, all as a photographer takes their photo from below.",
        "  The camera pans to a man in a suit standing at a podium in front of a group of people who are standing along with the rows of people in uniform behind the speaker.",
        "  The camera then pans to three military planes flying overhead as part of the ceremony before returning to the people, who are standing, in front of the man at the podium."
    ],
    "v_KoCjfxd302Q": [
        "The little boy is at the sink brushing the pot.",
        " The boy lift the brush from the pot and brush the sink instead, then he put it in the pot.",
        " The boy brushes the lid of the pot, and an adult put  plates in the pot and the boy took it out and dip the fork."
    ],
    "v_KoP6ZgL6fMY": [
        "A woman in red is practicing to jump in the sand, She runs a little and jumps in the sand again.",
        " Then she starts to try from further back, sprinting and jumping into the sand.",
        " She starts to jump over little stands next and then another man joins in to practice with her.",
        " Then, an actual race begins and everyone is racing along."
    ],
    "v_Koxtbgzexmw": [
        "Two boys play ping pong across a large ping pong table outdoors while a third boy watches from the sidelines.",
        " A boy in a t shirt with a wing graphic on it hits the ball towards the other shirtless player.",
        "   The shirtless player returns the serve and the boy with the t-shirt misses the ball and has to pick it up and throw it to the other player for a re-serve.",
        "  The two begin playing again while the boy in the middle on the sidelines observes the game."
    ],
    "v_Kq115s7yL3I": [
        "A window cleaning commercial demonstrates all the materials and techniques need to clean a house window.",
        "  The commercial begins with a closeup up a two story house and the interior of the house including a line of large windows.",
        "  Images of a person cleaning a window, soap, a bucket and sponge are showed along with a chalkboard with ingredients needed to clean a window.",
        "  A person cleans a window using all of the tools, including removing screens to clean them and removing stickers on windows."
    ],
    "v_KsKUIIHiMg0": [
        "There are two women in a bathroom washing clothes in blue buckets filled with foamy soap water.",
        " The women soak the clothes in the soap water and rinse them out to clean them.",
        " Then she put the clothes in a large metal drum that spins rapidly to drain off excess water.",
        " They then go on top of their building in an open terrace where ropes are tied across the walls.",
        " They begin hanging the clothes on the clothesline for drying."
    ],
    "v_KtUshVJ28us": [
        "We see a young girl gymnast talking to the camera.",
        " We then see the title screen.",
        " We see the girl perform flips.",
        " The girl flips on a trampoline.",
        " She jumps and does a split in the air.",
        " We see the bloopers where she falls and a title screen.",
        " We then see the ending screens."
    ],
    "v_KvscV2XxyTE": [
        "Gymnast Micah Ross mounts the balance beam before a celebrated audience as the crowd cheers and shouts her name.",
        " Her routine begins with a flip, split, and summersault.",
        " She then performs two backwards flips and a pirouette.",
        " A forward flip and jump follows along with a sideways flip.",
        " After briefly wobbling on the bar, Micah regains her composure and performs a forward summersault.",
        " Ross successfully dismounts with a double flip to the applause of the audience."
    ],
    "v_KwY8nf4MqR4": [
        "A small boy wearing a blue and yellow hoodie and gray sweat pants in standing in an outdoor tennis court.",
        " He is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.",
        " He starts with his first serve where the ball hits the net.",
        " Then he takes another ball, bounces it and serves again.",
        " The ball goes over the net and falls on the other side of the court.",
        " He gets another ball for the third time and drops it off his hands while trying to serve."
    ],
    "v_KyDS9Zg76Jg": [
        "A chef demonstrates how to cut and chop several vegetables as he prepares an asian inspired meal.",
        "  A chef in a white chefs outfit in a kitchen, boils potatoes and onions in a pot.",
        "  The chef talks to the camera and takes a series of vegetables and chops them up on a counter.",
        "  The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product."
    ]
}